Вакансія: Middle PHP Developer, компанія Artelogic, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Програміст PHP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 25 лютого 2020
Middle PHP Developer
Artelogic
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Щирецька, 36/5.
5,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
ARTELOGIC is a modern IT business structure that consists of a society of open-minded and business-oriented professionals that helps business owners and C-level executives around the globe to deliver their software solutions (startups and enterprise) to the marketplace in a most effective way.We are looking for the Middle PHP Developer!Project overview:The client is a German-based company that produces and distributes a set of jewelry products through its online networks of e-commerce shops. The client currently pursues an objective of automating data exchange across all of the online shops and internal systems in order to gain better operational efficiency, optimize the reliability of the IT infrastructure and secure further growth of the business. Requirements:
At least 2 years of commercial experience with PHP
Experience with building web services using PHP-based frameworks (Laravel prefered)
Understanding of object-oriented programming (OOP)
Strong knowledge in MySQL, ability to optimize queries
Familiarity with Docker
Solid experience with Git and understanding Git flow
Knowledge of automated testing practices, application of TDD approach
English — strong intermediate and above (both written and verbal)
Self-learner and positive attitude
Responsibilities:
Estimate, develop and maintain projects in accordance with provided requirements
Writing well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices
Working with the version control systems such as Git
Participate in communication with our international clients
Follow internal software development processes and standards
We offer
Professional and career development opportunities
Exposure and training in a rapidly growing, dynamic, and uniquely global industr
Be part of a highly collaborative and energetic team of professionals
Paid vacations and sick leaves 24/7
Flexible working hours
Corporate English lessons.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle PHP developer
Sebale. Львів.
Middle PHP Developer, 20 000 – 30 000 грн
Dinmark. Львів.
Middle PHP web developer
Meest. Львів.
Strong Junior/Middle PHP Developer, 15 000 – 22 000 грн
Hasko Trading Inc.. Львів.
Middle PHP developer (Laravel), 30 000 – 43 000 грн
Askep.net. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Програміст PHP
PHP developer
Розробник PHP
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Back end програміст
Back end developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста PHP у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3836466
Тренінги по темі «PHP developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor