Вакансія: PHP developer (Middle), компанія Attract Group, робота в Одесі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
в Одесі
Програміст PHP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
PHP developer (Middle)
Attract Group
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Одеса
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Attract Group is a team specializing in providing IT services of varying complexity (CRM / ERP-system, E-commerce, Android / iOS-applications).Due to the expansion of the team, we are looking for a person who constantly develops their skills, monitors the quality of their work and is a team player.Requirements:
PHP development experience more than 2 years (Laravel);
Knowledge and understanding of the principles of OOP;
Knowledge, understanding, and following the principles of DIE, YAGNI, KISS, DRY, and SOLID;
Database design experience and query optimization;
Git / Composer;
Knowledge of Unix systems;
English Level should be enough to read technical documentation.
Will be a plus:
Experience in ElasticSearch;
Understanding the features of SOA and MSA;
Understanding CI/CD;
Experience in docker.
Responsibilities:
Writing code for new modules.
Supporting existing modules.
We offer:
Convenient working schedule: you can choose a schedule with the beginning of the working day in the interval 8:00—11:00 and keep your work-life balance.
Social package: paid vacation (24 days a year) and sick leaves.
Competitive salary with periodical reviews.
Payment of participation fees at professional educational events.
Professional development in various projects: working on several projects, you can learn new areas and technologies for yourself.
In-house English classes.
A modern and cozy office.
Unforgettable weekends and a team with a diverse sense of humor: we not only work, but also rest together and like doing it from the heart. You can experience it yourself:)
Send your CV to [відгукнутися].We will be glad to get to know you and have a talk.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Junior, Middle PHP developer
Nexteum. Одеса.
Middle Back-end Developer (PHP)
Autodoc. Одеса.
Middle PHP Developer (Laravel/CodeIgniter framework), 45 000 – 60 000 грн
Vizual Tech. Одеса.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади в Одесі
Програміст PHP
PHP developer
Розробник PHP
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Back end програміст
Back end developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота в Одесі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста PHP в Одесі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3753534
Тренінги по темі «PHP developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor