Вакансія: Middle+/Senior PHP developer (German product), компанія Zfort Group, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Програміст PHP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Middle+/Senior PHP developer (German product)
Zfort Group
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків, вулиця Бучми, 1-Б.
9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Кристина ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Right now Zfort Group is looking for Middle+ and Senior PHP Developers to the super-product team.What you will do:
Become an expert with the New e-commerce framework;
Develop and maintain our framework’s ecosystem (with partners and agencies);
Work on different customers' projects.
Your background:
Middle or Senior level expertise and passion for coding with PHP;
Knowledge of professional software engineering e.g. SOLID-principles, Clean Code, Separation of Concerns;
Working experience with Symfony/REST API/GraphQL will be a big plus,
E-Commerce experience will be a big plus,
English — Intermediate+.
Besides our basic requirements, you should feel comfortable with our technology stack. We do not expect that you are an expert in all fields, but some of them should be familiar to you.
Backend: PHP 7, PostgreSQL, Redis, ElasticSearch, Rabbit MQ, Twig, Composer, Git;
System: Vagrant, Saltstack
Tools: PhpStorm, Travis, Scrutinizer;
Our advantages:
Expert team: Profit from a communicative, inspiring environment and a highly experienced international team;
State-of-the-art technology: Work on the latest business models, technologies, and tools;
Skill development: Get challenged and develop your professional skills by taking over responsibilities from day one!;
Constant innovation: You will get varied, interesting projects every day where you can use your creativity.
If you are interested in being a part of the biggest PHP Developer community in Kharkiv please let us know [відгукнутися].Read more: https://spryker.zfort.com.ua/
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
ECommerce PHP Middle/Senior Developer
Gameloft. Харків.
Strong Junior/Middle PHP Developer (Online Streaming Service)
Sigma Software. Харків.
Разработчик PHP, 40 000 – 50 000 грн
АлвариумСофт. Харків.
Junior PHP developer
Webspark. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Програміст PHP
PHP developer
Розробник PHP
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Back end програміст
Back end developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста PHP у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3222323
Тренінги по темі «PHP developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor