Вакансія: Java/JS developer, 50 000 – 60 000 грн, компанія Слуно-Україна, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Програміст Java
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 5 березня 2020
Java/JS developer
50 000 – 60 000 грн
Слуно-Україна
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Микільсько-Слобідська, 2В.
4,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Dominica Lorincz ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We are modern, dynamic, and project-driven company. We are one of the leading providers of information technology and consulting services for business, logistics and distribution. Sluno Ukraine is looking for new team member for position: JAVA/JS — developer Who we are looking for a developer who likes to code and to learn a new or familiar subject area. A developer which can write good readable code, adhering to the existing solution architecture. Able to disassemble someone else’s code. Responsible. Communicative. Gender, age, academic degree, and much more are not important. Desired competencies (any 4 or more options out of the following 8 are sufficient):
experience in creating enterprise software in Java in a multi-tier architecture
good knowledge of SQL
good knowledge and development experience PL/SQL
experience in creating frontend on JS using any of the popular frameworks
strong experience using the command line on UNIX
acquaintance with standard modern technologies of software development and testing
development experience for MSSQL (including stored procedures)
experience in developing industrial software in C ++ or C # or Pro*C
Optional requirements, compliance with which is an undoubted advantage:
experience in developing / maintaining software for retail or knowledge of the subject area of retail or knowledge of the subject area in warehouse technologies or logistics
knowledge of any other programming languages/ databases other than those mentioned above
successful experience in developing enterprise-level software or/and supporting corporate software
One more mandatory requirement: you must be able to read, write, recognize by ear and speak English at an intermediate level or higher. What does the company offer?
salary at the market level
a pleasant microclimate of a small company with European traditions and management
mandatory business trips to the Czech Republic and Ukraine
interesting and intensive work, inevitable professional and personal growth
the possibility to work on a flexible schedule, partially remote work is allowed.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Специалист технической поддержки, JavaScript-программист (SEO, парсинг, NodeJS), 10 000 – 14 000 грн
NetSolutions. Київ.
Разработчик автотестов (Java)
Re:крутер. Київ.
Front-End Developer (Vue. js), 44 000 грн
TR Logic LLC. Київ.
JavaScript (Elm) Developer, 42 000 – 73 000 грн
Intobi. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Програміст Java
Java developer
Тестувальник
QA engineer
QA-інженер
Test engineer
Tester
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста Java у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3847294
Гарячі вакансії
Java Developer.
Micro Focus. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Java developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor