Вакансія: Trainee/Junior JavaScript developer, 3 000 грн, компанія NerdySoft, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Javascript-програміст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Trainee/Junior JavaScript developer
3 000 грн
NerdySoft
IT;
менше 10 співробітників
Львів, площа Старий Ринок.
0,7 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
Необхідні навичкиNerdySoft inviting Junior or trainee developers to join our company. We are looking for young and smart individuals who willing to learn and work with a friendly team on interesting projects. Please apply if you have:
Technical education in Applied Mathematics, Computer Sciences, Information Security or related (may be incomplete) AND completed programming courses (SoftServe academy, LITS, Prometheus, Coursera, etc)
Any experience of programming and examples of your code on GitHub;
OOP principles;
Html5 (Bootstrap)/CSS3/Javascript (basics);
Intermediate English level.
Ability to work full-time in Lviv office (гнучкий графік, можливо поєднувати навчання з роботою).
Буде плюсом
Experience with: Node.Js, Angular.js, React.js MongoDB;
Any commercial experience as a Software Engineer.
Пропонуємо
Interesting projects — we do software for startups;
Opportunity to work with new trending technologies;
Mentoring program — we will teach you all you need to become a great software engineer;
Ability to learn from our technical experts;
Great environment for self-development;
Modern office;
Обов’язки
Assist in implementing projects from beginning to end based on requirements
Update/maintain the code base for existing products
Work with designers, business leaders, and other engineers on a wide array of projects
Occasionally interface with clients when a technical representative is needed
Про проектDon’t miss your chance to start your career as a software engineer! Our technical experts will teach you all you need to become a full-stack developer. Join our team to work on interesting projects.If you are a 'true programmer', smart and 'get things done', a student of courses or just graduated from any technical department (like Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, etc.), living in Lviv (region) — apply now!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
JavaScript Game Developer (Junior, Middle)
Borna Technology. Львів.
Junior JavaScript developer
Personalities. Львів.
Node JavaScript Engineer
Ironbelly Tech. Львів.
Senior Automation Test Engineer (JavaScript)
Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
Програміст PHP
PHP developer
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата javascript-програміста в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3858784
Тренінги по темі «Javascript developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor