Вакансія: Middle/Senior Frontend Developer (Vue. js, React, Redux, Angular) in Kyiv, компанія Investors in Ideas Ltd, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Javascript-програміст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Middle/Senior Frontend Developer (Vue. js, React, Redux, Angular) in Kyiv
Above average
Investors in Ideas Ltd
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, шукаємо у Львові
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Investors in Ideas is a technology-led company. Based in London for 9 years with representative office in New York and Prague. A major part of the business at the moment is replacing global legacy custom applications with dynamic platforms, innovative solutions and rationalizing the overall number of applications. Our team is driven by startup ambition, challenge, intensity, vision, integrity, and intellectual curiosity. We are looking for a skilled Frontend developer to join to our development team in our new office in the centre of Kiev. You will be working full time in our offices in our Kiev or Lviv offices. But mainly in our Kiev office.Project summaryWe are working on a complex web application for a global online marketplace providing wider functionality including multichannel marketing, messaging, referrals, rewards, reviews, and much more. The project is currently in prototype stage. We are using MicroServices Architecture.Responsibilities
Frontend development including interactions with REST API
Keep all the parts of the application testable and cover them with automatic tests
Support, develop and improve the application as the new features are added
Communicate and co-operate with the backend team
Technology stack
Vue.js/React/Angular
Sentry and/or other testing Javascript applications
RESTful interfaces
Relational Database (MySQL, etc.
)
Node.js
AWS
NoSQL, TimeLine databases
Required experience
Vue.js OR React OR Angular
RESTful interfaces
Building complex Javascript applications
Testing Javascript applications
Knowledge and experience considered a plus
Backend development
Integration of third-party payment systems, validation services, etc.
Advantages and Benefits
Package is higher than average
Regular pay. review
Launch bonus
The level of written English is average or above average. A good level of spoken English is welcome, but not required.Looking forward to receiving your resume!Investors In Ideas Ltd — это технологическая компания, основанная 9 лет назад в Лондоне, с офисами в Нью-Йорке и Праге. Значительную долю в работе сотрудников компании составляет обновление приложений и пользовательских интерфейсов в соответствии с современными стандартами, с применением инновационных решений и оптимизация набора приложений. Движущей силой нашей команды служат амбиции, поиск совершенных решений и интерес к новым знаниям.Мы заинтересованы в найме опытного Frontend разработчика, готового присоединиться к нашей команде в открывающемся в ближайшее время офисе в центре Киева. Данная позиция предполагает работу в нашем офисе в Киеве в течении полного рабочего дня.Информация о проектеВ данный момент мы ведем работу над созданием международной торговой площадки, предоставляющей не только возможность размещения объявлений, но также расширенный набор функций для бизнес-пользователей, включая многоканальную систему управления продажами. В число функций также входят кошелек, мессенджер, партнерская программа с выплатой вознаграждений. Сервис будет предоставлять как web-интерфейсы, так и мобильные приложения для конечных пользователей. Проект в настоящее время находится на стадии прототипа. Обязанности
Разработка frontend, включая взаимодействие с REST API.
Обеспечить покрытие кода автоматическими тестами.
Разрабатывать и внедрять новые функции
Взаимодействовать с командой, занимающейся разработкой бэкенда.
Технологический стек
Vue.js/React/Angular
Sentry и/или другие средства тестирования и отладки
RESTful интерфейсы
Relational Database (MySQL, etc.
)
Node.js
AWS
NoSQL, TimeLine databases
Необходимый опыт
Vue.js или React или Angular
RESTful интерфейсы
Создание сложных Javascript приложений
Тестирование Javascript приложений
Желательный опыт
Разаработка бэкенда
Интеграция сторонних платежных систем, систем валидации и других сторонних сервисов.
Мы предлагаем
Вознаграждение выше среднего по отрасли
Ежеквартальный пересмотр размера вознаграждения
Бонус при запуске проекта
Уровень письменного английского языка средний либо выше среднего. Хороший уровень разговорного английского языка приветствуется, но не является обязательным.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Front-end (Angular) Developer
UKEESS Software House. Львів.
Senior Front-end developer
Personalities. Львів.
Senior Automation Test Engineer (JavaScript)
Львів.
Middle Front-end developer
Personalities. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Front-end програміст
Front-end developer
Front-end розробник
Front-end engineer
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата javascript-програміста у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3619038
Тренінги по темі «Front-end developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor