Вакансія: Shipping Agent, менеджер по работе с клиентами, 21 600 – 30 000 грн, компанія A1 Logistics Dnipro, робота у Дніпрі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Дніпрі
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Shipping Agent, менеджер по работе с клиентами
21 600 – 30 000 грн · Ставка + процент и бонусы
A1 Logistics Dnipro
Транспорт, логістика;
10–50 співробітників
Дніпро, проспект Дмитра Яворницького, 59.
0,1 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
AS WE EXPAND WE ALSO LOOK FOR TALENTED MANAGERS WHO CAN WORK WITH CLIENTS DURING DAY TIME SHIFT.WE ARE:AMERICAN LOGISTICS COMPANY: A1 Logistics TruckingSince 2006 we are developing the best shipping agency for the USA market, we have main office in Jacksonville, FL We are working for the U.S. market and we are looking for talented individuals with upper-intermediate and fluent English, who would work as shipping agents for our Dnipro or Zaporizhzhia (Ukraine) based branches.REQUIREMENTS: Advanced level of English with good communication skills, ability to learn quickly and work as a part of a team. If you speak Spanish and English it can help you to increase your salary.Scope of activities: — Calling prospective customers with a given pitch.• Arranging the transportation process• Guide the customer during the process of arranging the transportation• Conducting the process of transportation until the delivery.• Provide the best customer service over the phone, emails, text messages.• Manage all orders in our CRM system.• You going to be working with requests that are coming from the customers, so searching for new clients will not be within the scope of your activities.WHAT DO WE OFFER:Great reward for your skills — average salry in the office more than $800.Working schedule is 5 days a week Monday-Friday, from 3:45 PM — 12 AM. With a 35 min break for lunch.This schedule is giving benefit to go to the gym in the morning when everyone is working.Especially when company covers half of the membership for the gym and of the payment for Spanish/English courses.Company pays for taxi that will bring you home after work as well company covers the fuel cost if you drive your own car.Company provides paid training program. During this program you will become experienced shipping agent and gain knowledge that is required to operate on American market.Office is located in the center of the city.Coffee, tea, snacks and fruits are always available in the officePaid vacation, legal employment.Feel free to get in contact with Yuliya
Показати телефонWe consider only those candidates that send their CV in English to [відгукнутися]Our Instagram https://instagram.com/a1logistics.dnipro?igshid=1hkmy1zxgfast
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Клиент-менеджер со знанием немецкого языка (немецкий заказчик), 12 000 – 20 000 грн
Olmanale. Дніпро.
Аккаунт-менеджер, 6 000 – 15 000 грн
MonoSoft. Дніпро.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами, администратор учебного центра
Логос, репетиторский центр. Дніпро.
Key account manager, 20 000 – 30 000 грн
СВК, научно-производственная фирма. Дніпро.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Дніпрі
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Менеджер по работе с клиентами
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
Продаж, закупівля
Транспорт, автобізнес
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Дніпрі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера по роботі з клієнтами у Дніпрі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3679412
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
18 000 грн.*
Global Smart Group (GSG). Дніпро.
Account manager со знанием немецкого языка.
15 000 – 18 500 грн.*
Клевер, ООО. Дніпро.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
28 000 грн.*
New Stream Marketing. Дніпро.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
15 000 – 30 000 грн.
Сергеева Ю.Э., ФЛП (квартирное бюро). Дніпро.
Тренінги по темі «Менеджер по работе с клиентами»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor