Вакансія: Sponsorship Account Manager (eSports), компанія EvoPlay, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Sponsorship Account Manager (eSports)
EvoPlay
· VIP
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
About EvoPlay:EvoPlay is a leading international online gaming software company. Since 2003 we designed and developed a set of our own successful products for effective management of gaming systems and expanded to the markets of Europe, CIS, and Asia, and established our offices all around the world which unite more than one thousand professionals. About position: A growing product team, dedicated for solutions of eSports and cybersport are looking for an experienced Sponsorship Account Manager to work on a suite of high profile sponsorship assets around the world. You will seek the best way to utilise all rights and efficiently manage the budget. You will create integrated campaigns that appeal to existing and prospective customers ensuring every opportunity to promote the brand is maximized. Key Responsibilities:
Manage the day to day operational requirements of each sponsorship ensuring all rights are delivered, activated, and tracked
Ensuring all sponsorship activities are impactful, accountable, and aligned with the wider communication objectives
Regularly monitor and report the performance of each sponsorship adapting to improve results
Work alongside other marketing teams to identify new and innovative ways to integrate product and content portfolio into sponsorship strategy
Growing our brand internationally through PR, sponsorship activations, content creation and amplification
Driving earned media and increasing our share of voice by delivering relevant and newsworthy campaigns through our partnerships
Requirements:
Ability to speak and write in Russian and English fluently and idiomatically
Minimum of three years' experience in a relevant marketing role
A high record of achievement and delivery
Excellent organizational skills: ability to effectively manage multiple workstreams, and being able to clearly communicate performance issues and timescales
Excellent communication skills with the ability to present your ideas to internal and external stakeholders
Experience in delivering customer engagement campaigns and putting the customer at the centre of everything they do
A keen interest in sport and esport with knowledge of the sporting calendar
Be prepared to travel and work the occasional weekend or holiday
We offer:
Young and friendly team of marketing professionals
Challenges every day :)
Competitive and timely salary
Paid vacations, undocumented and confirmed sick leaves
Free English lessons
Сompensation for relevant seminars and conferences
Sports activities and remarkable corporate team building events
Legal and financial support
Comfortable office (guarded parking, metro in walking distance, snacks and refreshments)
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Администратор, менеджер по работе с клиентами в сервисный центр Apple, 15 000 грн
Турко А.Ю., ФЛП. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (HoReCa), 14 870 – 34 540 грн
SM International. Київ.
Аккаунт-, Project-manager, 12 000 грн
Авеб. Київ.
Account Manager for Payment gateway
Gamingtec. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Account manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера по роботі з клієнтами у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3623750
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
14 000 грн.
Опентек, ООО. Київ.
Кредитний експерт, менеджер по роботі з клієнтами, касир, продавець.
12 000 – 15 000 грн.
Перший, ломбард, ПТ. Київ.
Клиент-менеджер, кредитный консультант, кассир.
11 500 – 13 000 грн.
ШвидкоГрошi. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (итальянский язык).
Admitad GmbH. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами в строительную компанию.
15 000 – 25 000 грн.*
Склопакетплюс, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
15 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Система дистанционного обучения Эйнштейн. Київ.
Affiliate manager.
16 000 грн.
Brighta. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.*
Хаскі Аутсорсинг, ТОВ. Київ.
Специалиста по работе с партнёрами со знанием английского языка.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.
Telovox, LLC. Київ.
Оператор call-centre, специалист клиентской поддержки.
13 000 грн.
Би Эл Джи Микрофинанс, ООО. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor