Вакансія: Account manager, компанія Philips Ukraine, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 2 березня 2020
Account manager
Philips Ukraine
Промисловість, виробництво;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
MAIN PURPOSES OF THE JOB: To achieve turnover, distribution and profitability targets with the assigned customers. Maintain and develop long-term relationship with customers to optimize quality of service, business growth, customer satisfaction and maximize sales opportunities with them. MAIN TASKS IN THE JOB:
Sets up and deliver the targets (annual/quarterly/monthly) for assigned customers towards achieving agreed business aims, including sales, qualitative and quantitative distribution, in-store visibility & communication, promotion, costs, pricing and margins;
Ensure proper monitoring of fulfilment of the targets on regular basis to secure target achievement; share status with Line Manager.
Develops and implements Account Plans for assigned accounts according to the agreed templates and time line;
Organizes a reporting system with the regional field sales team in order to increase the distribution and market share knowledge, to control their activity and to benchmark the competitors, develop proposals of activities to achieve business targets;
Controls collection of receivables and takes measures to keep debtors risks in accordance with the targets;
Identifies business opportunities and pinpoints problem area within the channel; propose additional actions to secure and (or) develop business;
Provides to Line Manager regular reports according to the agreed time schedule with all relevant business information, information from field, inputs;
Fulfills other job related tasks required by management to maximize business results.
Education:
Higher education (economics preferably);
Fluent in verbal and written local languages in addition to English language (at least Intermediate level).
Experience:
Experience in working with distributors and indirect channel;
Preparation and realization of annual contracts;
Planning;
Achievements of objectives in assortment, distribution and pricing policy;
Achievements of sales volume, marginal and financial targets;
Achievements of objectives in POS visibility and promotion;
Min 2+ years of proven successful experience in sales, account management.
Knowledge:
Excellent communication, negotiation and interpersonal skills;
Advanced PC user (MS Office);
Valid driving license and experience;
Work requires willingness to work a flexible schedule.
Key capabilities:
Excellent oral and writing communication, presentation skills;
Excellent negotiation skills;
Persuasion skills;
Sales skills;
Proactive, goal-oriented;
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Администратор, менеджер по работе с клиентами в сервисный центр Apple, 15 000 грн
Турко А.Ю., ФЛП. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (HoReCa), 14 870 – 34 540 грн
SM International. Київ.
Аккаунт-, Project-manager, 12 000 грн
Авеб. Київ.
Account Manager for Payment gateway
Gamingtec. Київ.
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами, 25 000 грн
HRM-Studio. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Account manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера по роботі з клієнтами у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3833839
Гарячі вакансії
Консультант, менеджер по работе с клиентами.
20 000 грн.*
Maxi Group Kyiv. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
15 000 – 30 000 грн.
Вікна Віконда, ТОВ. Київ.
Оператор по работе с клиентами (English).
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Менеджер по В2В-продажам продукции бытовой химии и уходовой косметики.
20 000 грн.*
Симпатик Групп. Київ.
Директор по продажам (Advanced English) в Никополь.
Centravis, международный холдинг. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам, по работе с клиентами.
19 000 – 35 000 грн.*
Ю-Консалтінг, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
10 000 – 30 000 грн.*
LinkAdd.In. Київ.
Клиент-менеджер, кредитный консультант, кассир.
11 500 – 13 000 грн.
ШвидкоГрошi. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
14 000 грн.
Опентек, ООО. Київ.
Head of Procurement and Real Estate у Макарів.
Сканія Україна, ТОВ. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Account manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor