Вакансія: Key Account Manager (CIS), компанія SocialTech, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Key account manager
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Key Account Manager (CIS)
SocialTech
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Кирилівська, 42-40.
2,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Looking for a career opportunity where you will be given autonomy and independence to unleash your full potential by overcoming business challenges and creating impactful solutions? Are you a proactive self-starter with strong analytical and communication skills? Feeling you are equipped to support partner revenue growth by effectively managing the team of business consultants? We are looking exactly for you!SocialTech is one of the largest projects for Genesis, the largest IT companies in Ukraine, and a game-changer in Social Discovery. We are a team of more than 150 talented professionals with a unique product experience that already enabled us to stand out internationally. We develop proprietary products used by millions of customers worldwide with the largest markets being the USA and Europe. SocialTech is one of the market leaders in its niche, continuously enjoying triple-digit annual growth for all major KPIs.Key responsibilities:
to develop long-term relationships with partners to increase their loyalty to the project;
to provide business consulting: helping partners to build/optimize internal processes;
work closely with the analytical, product teams to implement the solutions needed to achieve the region objectives;
to prepare recommendations for project performance improvement in response to the partner’s feedback.
Skills, experience and personal attributes:
experience in account management 2+ years or 2+ years of experience in FMCG, Big4 companies will be a plus;
project management experience and ability to complete complex turnkey tasks;
Strong analytical thinking and a high level of numeracy skills;
excellent communication, liaison and interpersonal skills to work effectively with people at all levels;
effective time management and ability to plan and prioritize work; ability to deliver targets and objectives to tight deadlines;
work autonomously and take responsibility for your decisions;
at least Upper-intermediate English level.
Compensation and benefits:• autonomy and opportunity to create value for the company through identifying and unleashing market opportunities.• competitive salary and excellent compensation package which will allow you to focus on your tasks and professional development in our company.• strong and enthusiastic team — you will have the opportunity for knowledge sharing, learning, and professional development.• convenient office location close to Taras Shevchenko subway station.• exceptional opportunities for professional growth — in-house training sessions and seminars, corporate library, Chinese classes.This position is a unique career springboard for candidates who are seeking to perform a variety of challenging tasks in the fast-growing international multimillion business.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Sponsorship Account Manager (eSports)
EvoPlay. Київ.
Администратор, менеджер по работе с клиентами в сервисный центр Apple, 15 000 грн
Турко А.Ю., ФЛП. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (HoReCa), 14 870 – 34 540 грн
SM International. Київ.
Account Manager for Payment gateway
Gamingtec. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Key account manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата key account manager у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3858956
Гарячі вакансії
Оператор call-centre, специалист клиентской поддержки.
13 000 грн.
Би Эл Джи Микрофинанс, ООО. Київ.
Кредитний експерт, менеджер по роботі з клієнтами, касир, продавець.
12 000 – 15 000 грн.
Перший, ломбард, ПТ. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
15 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Система дистанционного обучения Эйнштейн. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (итальянский язык).
Admitad GmbH. Київ.
Консультант, менеджер по работе с клиентами.
20 000 грн.*
Maxi Group Kyiv. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
14 000 грн.
Опентек, ООО. Київ.
Affiliate manager.
16 000 грн.
Brighta. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.*
Хаскі Аутсорсинг, ТОВ. Київ.
Клиент-менеджер, кредитный консультант, кассир.
11 500 – 13 000 грн.
ШвидкоГрошi. Київ.
Оператор по работе с клиентами (English).
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Key account manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor