Вакансія: Оператор по работе с клиентами (English), 14 000 – 24 600 грн, компанія Livingston Research Group, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Оператор по роботі з клієнтами
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Гаряча вакансія
Оператор по работе с клиентами (English)
14 000 – 24 600 грн · Paid in USD $$$
Livingston Research Group
Освіта, наука;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Богдана Хмельницького.
1 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
Livingston Research is a young and dynamic Ed-Tech company, which has been on the market for the past 10 years.Our mission is to provide students with educational support enabled by technology, connecting tens of thousands of students with freelancers around the world to provide help and support with any homework related issues.We are looking for passionate and enthusiastic people, who are ready to go above and beyond for the position of a Сustomer Support Specialist (i.e. Оператор по работе с клиентами на английском языке)Put your understanding of a great customer experience to use! What are we looking for?
Excellent communication skills;
Advanced written and spoken English;
Ability to work night shifts (at least 2 per week, 11PM — 7AM) to cover our Western Markets;
Understanding of good customer experience;
A desire to learn and develop;
Experience working with native English speakers is a plus;
Participation in international exchange programs is a big plus (e.g. FLEX, Erasmus, etc).
What are you going to do?
Interact with existing customers via text message interface;
Advise on the order procedures;
Provide assistance with the web interface;
Handle complaints and issues;
Cooperate with other teams to reach goals;
Note! You’re NOT going to be making calls! What are we offering?
Flexible schedule that you can combine with whatever it is you want (university, courses, hobbies);
Competitive salary paid in US dollars ($650+, based on hourly rates and performance bonuses);
Personal performance bonuses — they depend only on the quality of the service you provide to our clients!
Friendly, professional and ambitious team;
Constant support from experienced Team Leaders within the team;
Onboarding process that will prepare you for any type of situation not only at work but in life :)
Corporate outings and team-building activities several times a year;
Comfortable, amazing office in the heart of Kyiv (5−7 mins walking distance from Universytet or Zoloti Vorota metro stations) that has all of the essentials (unlimited coffee/tea, snacks and fruits, pizza Tuesdays)
Opportunity to build a career and gain an experience that will serve you in a long-term perspective;
Non-monetary rewards for good performance, holidays celebration;
Bonuses for referring friends (referral program).
Ready to supercharge your career? Apply now!If you are still hesitant, check out more about us hereJoin us on FacebookOr follow us on Instagram
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Retention Manager (Russian, English, Arabic), 100 000 – 300 000 грн
Sky Union Holdings. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами со знанием итальянского и английского, 20 000 – 60 000 грн
Бест Вертекс. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами логистики (Upper intermediate English), 12 000 – 30 000 грн
Simple Agency. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (со знанием английского языка), 27 000 – 57 000 грн
Osiris Unlimited. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами со знанием английского языка, 13 550 грн
English Prime, школа английского языка. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Оператор по работе с клиентами
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата оператора по роботі з клієнтами у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3827374
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (итальянский язык).
Admitad GmbH. Київ.
Кредитний експерт, менеджер по роботі з клієнтами, касир, продавець.
12 000 – 15 000 грн.
Перший, ломбард, ПТ. Київ.
Оператор call-centre, специалист клиентской поддержки.
13 000 грн.
Би Эл Джи Микрофинанс, ООО. Київ.
Консультант, менеджер по работе с клиентами.
20 000 грн.*
Maxi Group Kyiv. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами в строительную компанию.
15 000 – 25 000 грн.*
Склопакетплюс, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
14 000 грн.
Опентек, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.*
Хаскі Аутсорсинг, ТОВ. Київ.
Специалиста по работе с партнёрами со знанием английского языка.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.
Telovox, LLC. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
15 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Система дистанционного обучения Эйнштейн. Київ.
Affiliate manager.
16 000 грн.
Brighta. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor