Вакансія: Account Management Lead (Chinese speaking), компанія SocialTech, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Продаж, закупівля
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Account Management Lead (Chinese speaking)
SocialTech
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Кирилівська, 42-40.
2,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Looking for a career opportunity where you will be given autonomy and independence to unleash your full potential by overcoming business challenges and creating impactful solutions? Are you a proactive self-starter with strong analytical and communication skills? Feeling you are equipped to support partner revenue growth by effectively managing the team of business consultants? We are looking exactly for you!SocialTech is one of the largest projects for Genesis, the largest IT companies in Ukraine, and a game-changer in Social Discovery. We are a team of more than 150 talented professionals with a unique product experience that already enabled us to stand out internationally. We develop proprietary products used by millions of customers worldwide with the largest markets being the USA and Europe. SocialTech is one of the market leaders in its niche, continuously enjoying triple-digit annual growth for all major KPIs.Key responsibilities:• Hire the team of account managers in Shenzhen office (5−7 people till the end of 2020).• Manage the Shenzhen remote and Kyiv local team of account managers.• Define and assist in achieving KPIs for Asia region.• Provide actionable recommendations and analytical insights to resolve partners business challenges and develop partners growth and profitability in line with the project objectives.• Obtain, share and leverage competitive market intelligence.• Prepare recommendations for project performance improvement in response to partners feedback.• Develop long-term relationships with partners to increase their loyalty to the project.• Work closely with the analytical, development team to implement the solutions needed to achieve the region objectives.Skills, experience and personal attributes:• Advanced Chinese level (not less than HSK 5).• At least Upper-intermediate English level.• Experience in managing the team and supporting employees' growth and professional development.• Strong analytical thinking and a high level of numeracy skills.• Excellent communication, liaison and interpersonal skills to work effectively with people at all levels.• Effective time management and ability to plan and prioritize work; ability to deliver targets and objectives to tight deadlines.• Work autonomously and take responsibility for your decisions.• Experience in a project or consultancy support role and proven ability to manage complex tasks.• Strong focus on results rather than process.Compensation and benefits:• Autonomy and opportunity to create value for the company through identifying and unleashing market opportunities.• Competitive salary and excellent compensation package which will allow you to focus on your tasks and professional development in our company.• Strong and enthusiastic team — you will have the opportunity for knowledge sharing, learning, and professional development.• Convenient office location close to Taras Shevchenko subway station.• Exceptional opportunities for professional growth — in-house training sessions and seminars, corporate library, Chinese classes.This position is a unique career springboard for candidates who are seeking to perform a variety of challenging tasks in the fast-growing international multimillion business.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Администратор, менеджер по работе с клиентами в сервисный центр Apple, 15 000 грн
Турко А.Ю., ФЛП. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (HoReCa), 14 870 – 34 540 грн
SM International. Київ.
Аккаунт-, Project-manager, 12 000 грн
Авеб. Київ.
Account Manager for Payment gateway
Gamingtec. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3824931
Тренінги по темі «Account Management Lead (Chinese speaking)»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor