Вакансія: Retention-Manager (English desk), 35 000 грн, компанія AffiliateUp, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Retention-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Retention-Manager (English desk)
35 000 грн · Depends on an interview
AffiliateUp
Маркетинг, реклама, PR;
10–50 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
AffiliateUp • is an outsourcing multinational company specializing in attracting and supporting customers in the areas of E-commerce and FinTech. Our offices are located in four countries: Ukraine, Indonesia, Malaysia and Latvia. The main focus of our company is project management and the provision of services aimed at customer service using modern communication and marketing technologies. We work with B2C and B2B market segments. We actively cooperate with foreign partners and work with countries in Europe, Asia, Latin America and Africa.Requirements to cadidates:
experience in a similar position or as a telephone sales manager in the FinTech or E-commerce industry for more than 6 months;
know the specifics of the markets;familiar with CRM systems;
communicate freely in English (level not lower than Upper-Intermediate);learn fast;
have analytical mind and focus on the result.
Key tasks:
work with a date base of clients;
advising clients on company services;
upsell customers;
providing professional assistance and high quality support managing in communicating with customers.
We offer:
a fixed rate of 15 000 UAH + percentage;
providing training;schedule 5/2 from 9.00 to 18.00;
the possibility of rising career, professional and personal growth;young, friendly, and very active team;tea, coffee, sweets and fruits at the expense of the company;
a cozy office in the city center in a 1-minute walk from the metro;
regular corporate parties.
If you are ready to become a part of our team, we are waiting for your CV!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Специалист клиентской поддержки со знанием английского языка
SelectSpecs. Київ.
Customer service manager (Fluent English), 12 500 – 25 000 грн
MD Group. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (Customer support), 15 000 – 20 000 грн
Электрос Украина. Київ.
Фахівець з підтримки клієнтів
1+1 медіа. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Retention manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата retention-менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3768178
Гарячі вакансії
Оператор call-centre, специалист клиентской поддержки.
13 000 грн.
Би Эл Джи Микрофинанс, ООО. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Retention manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor