Вакансія: Key Account Manager, 25 000 – 30 000 грн, компанія Персонал-технологии, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Key account manager
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Key Account Manager
25 000 – 30 000 грн · + годовой бонус
Персонал-технологии
· Агенція
Пошук персоналу, HR;
10–50 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Responsibilities:
Building and developing relationships with existing customers, active search for new customers. Sales development of products and company services in the reporting territory (East part, 9 regions).
Ensuring achieving the yearly goals in sales, revenue and profit and other objectives agreed with the Country Manager.
Ensure continuous performance improvement in your area of responsibility.
Continuous monitoring of sales result and taking appropriate corrective actions if necessary.
Constant market share increase through strengthened of presence and competence development, regular market share follow-up and take corrective actions where needed.
Ensuring solid relationships with end customers within direct and indirect sales channels.
Recognizing, understanding and creating of customer needs in the local market as well as following up on competitor’s activities.
Achieving customer satisfaction by offering and implementing the most effective solutions.
Interact with other departments in a constructive, productive and unselfish way that supports the development of synergies and the consolidated result of the Company.
Support and promote the Company’s Core Values: Highest ethical standards, Quality you can trust, Entrepreneurship, Continuous improvement, Organizational pride, Collaboration.
Requirements:
University degree (technical education/ degree in engineering is preferable)
Sales experience at industrial market not less than 2 years
Sales orientated person
Strong communication skills and ability to build strong and effective working relations with customers and colleagues
Reliability and maximal working energy
Strong team player
Pro-active in looping for efficiency improvements and result oriented
Good planning, analytical and organizing skills
Ability to travel not less 75% of work time (2 weeks in regions, 1 week Kyiv and Kyiv region, 1 week for office work per month)
Valid driving license," B" category
Upper intermediate English, fluent in Ukrainian, Russian, both writing and speaking
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Администратор, менеджер по работе с клиентами в сервисный центр Apple, 15 000 грн
Турко А.Ю., ФЛП. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (HoReCa), 14 870 – 34 540 грн
SM International. Київ.
Аккаунт-, Project-manager, 12 000 грн
Авеб. Київ.
Account Manager for Payment gateway
Gamingtec. Київ.
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами, 25 000 грн
HRM-Studio. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Key account manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата key account manager у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3834107
Гарячі вакансії
Специалист по продаже недвижимости (с обучением).
20 000 – 34 000 грн.
Этажи. Київ.
Консультант, менеджер по работе с клиентами.
20 000 грн.*
Maxi Group Kyiv. Київ.
Торговый представитель с авто, дистрибьютор.
20 000 – 50 000 грн.
Жар Ко. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам шин и дисков.
10 000 – 50 000 грн.*
МПК Таерс, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер активных продаж.
20 000 грн.*
Guru.Team. Київ.
Менеджер по консультации клиентов.
15 000 – 50 000 грн.*
Sky Union Holdings. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (запорная трубопроводная арматура).
УкрАрматура, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам недвижимости, по работе с клиентами, риелтор.
25 000 – 50 000 грн.*
Alfabrok.ua (Альфаброк, ТМ). Київ.
Менеджер по оптовой торговле (B2B, упаковочные материалы).
27 000 грн.*
Baloo Extrusion. Київ.
Менеджер по телефонным продажам.
11 000 – 30 000 грн.*
Хаскі Аутсорсинг, ТОВ. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Key account manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor