Вакансія: Customer Service Agent (phones, pure CS), 26 500 грн, компанія Nexteum, робота у Миколаєві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Миколаєві
Customer service agent
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Customer Service Agent (phones, pure CS)
26 500 грн
Nexteum
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Миколаїв
София ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, дистанційна робота, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Benefits:
Monthly income is $900 — $950. It is a standard pay which is set in the contract and depends on the level of specialist skills;
Contract with the American company;
Unique opportunity to join the professional team, supporting one of the top five online stores in the USA and Canada, which deals with products for motorsports and car tuning;
Experience in highload e-commerce project;
Full Time Position only — (5 Days a Week (Mon-Fri), 8 Working Hours a Day, evening shifts: 15:00 — 00:00, 16:00 — 01:00).
Responsibilities:
Provide excellent customer service to Clients by phone system; answer questions and inquiries;
Resolve customer complaints and problems, offer possible solutions;
Reply to incoming customer order status and product requests, providing appropriate and correct information;
Show a positive attitude, even when faced with misplaced criticism or frustration;
Do your best to learn quickly and move on from both success and failure;
Place orders, process changes/returns etc. according to established policies and procedures.
Qualification To Apply:
Ukrainian citizenship is a must (the applicants with temporary resistance permit will be rejected);
Fluent English (verbal) is a must;
Patience in dealing with confused or irate customers;
Problem-solving skills, and the ability to think under pressure;
Commitment to continual education about the company, products and services.
Vacancy description:The NEXTEUM company invites Customer Service Agent (phones, pure CS, remotely) to join the team of the largest international online project developed in Ukraine.For 15 years, we have been creating software solutions and networks of trustworthy online stores, leading the field of auto tuning, motorsport, outdoor activities, extreme and water transport. We offer exclusive innovations and unique customer-oriented service for our partners. In our team, you will get wide experience working on the largest projects and solving problems in the field of high-level software development.To apply please send your CV (photo preferred) on e-mail: [відгукнутися]
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер по работе с клиентами в SEO-студию, 6 000 – 20 000 грн
Руденко В.А., ФЛП. Миколаїв.
System administrator, account manager, 7 000 – 12 000 грн
Brightech. Миколаїв.
Специалист по работе с клиентами (горячая линия)
Контактис, контакт-центр. Миколаїв.
Customer Service Agent (e-mails), 17 500 грн
Nexteum. Миколаїв.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Миколаєві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Customer service agent
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Миколаєві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата customer service agent у Миколаєві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3432892
Тренінги по темі «Customer service agent»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor