Вакансія: Junior sales, account manager, 14 000 – 18 000 грн, компанія Verve Energy, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 9 березня 2020
Junior sales, account manager
14 000 – 18 000 грн
Verve Energy
Послуги для населення та бізнесу;
менше 10 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
Verve Energy is one of Scotland’s leading energy consultancies. We are specialists in utilities, communication and account management. We work with our UK clients to ensure they get the best from their utilities providers. Due to continued success and ambitious growth plans we have now opened a new small office in the centre of Kiev at Maidan Nezalezhnosti. We’re looking to recruit an experienced, driven and customer-focused Junior Sales Account Manager. You will target clients in United Kingdom via telephone. You’ll be tasked with sourcing new clients for Verve in defined regions within the UK. You Must be a confident English speaker, with good telephone manner. Experience in sales, business development and account management is desired for this role — And experience within the energy & utilities sector would be desirable but not essential. Self-motivated people with initiative who understand hard work as being integral to the output of a team will flourish in this role. Please note, you WILL receive full continuous professional training with some of the best people in the industry. This position is ideal for people who want to learn from the best and have a successful career in sales. Key areas of responsibility will include:
Relationship building with new and existing contracts and accounts
Regular contact with clients to review bills, check meter readings and identify and solve client issues
Working closely with your manager and team to ensure high standards and targets are met
Assisting to open supplier accounts for new sites or close accounts at old ones
Essentially your role as part of the Verve account management team will be to help your customers gain an insight into how they use their utilities more efficiently. You’ll deliver a first class customer experience at all times with your expert knowledge and exceptional customer service. In return for your talents and loyalty, Verve are delighted to offer the following:
A competitive basic monthly wage 14000 — 18,000 UAH (dependant on experience)
Regular performance-based salary reviews
Top class training from top industry specialists
Great Commission and bonuses
Regular sales incentives & awards
Verve Energy is a staff focused enterprise. We believe that in order to be successful, we need a strong core staff. It is therefore our priority that the staff are trained, motivated, empowered and appreciated to the highest level, in order to deliver excellent customer service and to maintain stability and latterly growth within the business. So if you think you have the skills and attributes we’re looking for please click ‘apply' to send us your CV with a covering letter outlining your suitability for this role.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер по работе с клиентами, 7 000 – 14 000 грн
HAP Sales, школа продаж. Київ.
IT sales, account manager (English)
Dewzilla. Київ.
Менеджер з продажу послуг, спеціаліст по роботі з клієнтами, 15 000 грн
Всеукраїнська дорожня Асоціація. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами, по продажам, 25 000 – 35 000 грн
Бейспак, ТОВ. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Account manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера по роботі з клієнтами у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3849137
Гарячі вакансії
Клиент-менеджер, кредитный консультант, кассир.
11 500 – 13 000 грн.
ШвидкоГрошi. Київ.
Консультант, менеджер по работе с клиентами.
20 000 грн.*
Maxi Group Kyiv. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
14 000 грн.
Опентек, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.*
Хаскі Аутсорсинг, ТОВ. Київ.
Кредитний експерт, менеджер по роботі з клієнтами, касир, продавець.
12 000 – 15 000 грн.
Перший, ломбард, ПТ. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
15 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Система дистанционного обучения Эйнштейн. Київ.
Оператор по работе с клиентами (English).
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (итальянский язык).
Admitad GmbH. Київ.
Affiliate manager.
16 000 грн.
Brighta. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами в строительную компанию.
15 000 – 25 000 грн.*
Склопакетплюс, ТОВ. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Account manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor