Вакансія: Senior Key Account Manager, компанія Zhisheng Ukraine LLC, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Key account manager
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Senior Key Account Manager
Zhisheng Ukraine LLC
Промисловість, виробництво;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, проспект Валерія Лобановського, 56.
4,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
ABOUT USOPPO is a camera phone brand enjoyed by young people around the world. For the last 10 years, OPPO has been focusing on manufacturing camera phones, while innovating mobile photography technology breakthroughs. OPPO started the era of selfie beautification and was the first brand to launch smartphones with 5MP and 16MP front cameras. OPPO was also the first brand to introduce the motorized rotating camera, the Ultra HD feature and the 10x Dual Camera Zoom technology. OPPO’s Selfie Expert F series launched in 2016 drove a selfie trend in the smartphone industry.In 2016, OPPO was the fourth-ranked smartphone brand globally, according to the IDC. Today, OPPO provides a world-class smartphone photography experience to over 200 million people around the world. We have strong ambitions to grow here in Europe and we welcome talents across this country to grow with us.OPPO is committed to establishing a world-class smartphone brand in Europe while focusing on both business development and employees' personal growth. At OPPO Europe, you can experience an open-minded and a strong team spirit work atmosphere. We are encouraged to share the best cases in the mobile industry, think out of the box, and carry it out with energetic colleagues.ABOUT THE ROLEOur Senior Key Account Manager position is a uniquely tailored and vital role for the company. This role is essential to the growth plans of the company and allows the sales professional an opportunity to apply — and build — their skills and experience while contributing to the success of the entire organization.The Senior Sales Manager would be responsible for reviewing sales and determining growth strategies and their execution into the market, growing market share, developing a relationship with partners (chains, distributors), assuring sales planPrimary/Essential Duties and Key Responsibilities:
Assuring a Sales strategy in the Ukrainian market
Prospecting, analyzing new clients
Developing communications with Ukranian Telecom Retail Chains
Ongoing customer management including contractual issues, revenue assurance, sales management, coordination, preparing attractive commercial proposals, presentations, participation in all marketing and sales processes.
Identification potential new customers and creating plans to seize new business opportunities
Delivering impactful and effective sales presentations
Knowing the product line intimately and sell across the breadth of the portfolio
Gathering and internally communicate information about competitive portfolios
Business trips to customers — 1:1 meetings, trade shows, and other venues — and persuasively advocate for new/increased sales of company products
Collaborating with colleagues to align with the company’s strategies, goals, tactics and resources
Required Qualifications:
A passionate salesperson with eagerness and ability to close deals.
5 years of proven hands-on experience with sales and account management in the mobile industry (network and technical divisions). Experience in a distribution or retailer company — an advantage.
Vast experience and knowledge of the mobile industry with a wide network of contacts.
Self-player and contributor; this position directly reports to CEO.
High cross-cultural and interpersonal skills.
Excellent spoken and written English and Ukrainian (daily oral and written communication in English)
Willing to travel frequently.
Travel Requirements:
Up to 40%
As a responsible employer, OPPO prides itself in providing employees with a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity, accordingly we offer each of our employee' strict compliance with Ukranian legislation:
Long-term employment
Official and stable payment in accordance with the legislation of Ukraine
Sick leave and regular vacation
An interesting job in an international company
Professional and career growth
Company’s location — Valery Lobanovsky Avenue
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior Sales Account Manager, 18 000 – 22 000 грн
Verve Energy. Київ.
Администратор, менеджер по работе с клиентами в сервисный центр Apple, 15 000 грн
Турко А.Ю., ФЛП. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (HoReCa), 14 870 – 34 540 грн
SM International. Київ.
Account Manager for Payment gateway
Gamingtec. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Key account manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата key account manager у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3851153
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
15 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Система дистанционного обучения Эйнштейн. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (итальянский язык).
Admitad GmbH. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.*
Хаскі Аутсорсинг, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
14 000 грн.
Опентек, ООО. Київ.
Оператор call-centre, специалист клиентской поддержки.
13 000 грн.
Би Эл Джи Микрофинанс, ООО. Київ.
Affiliate manager.
16 000 грн.
Brighta. Київ.
Клиент-менеджер, кредитный консультант, кассир.
11 500 – 13 000 грн.
ШвидкоГрошi. Київ.
Кредитний експерт, менеджер по роботі з клієнтами, касир, продавець.
12 000 – 15 000 грн.
Перший, ломбард, ПТ. Київ.
Консультант, менеджер по работе с клиентами.
20 000 грн.*
Maxi Group Kyiv. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами в строительную компанию.
15 000 – 25 000 грн.*
Склопакетплюс, ТОВ. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Key account manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor