Вакансія: Account Manager for Payment gateway, компанія Gamingtec, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 21 березня 2020
Account Manager for Payment gateway
Gamingtec
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Position OverviewRelationship management B2b partners to achieve specific business goals that jointly drive market share, volume, and revenue growth. Focus on the delivery of payment solutions and comprehensive consulting support, to deliver bottom-line results to B2b partners.Responsibilities:
Development and maintenance of long-term relationships with key B2b partners;
Close cooperation with partners and product managers of the company when working with clients at various stages;
Stick and follow the product roadmap, stages and timelines;
Researching client needs, presenting products and projects, overseeing the implementation of products for the B2b partners;
Keeping up-to-date the information about the B2b partners, monthly preparation of reports on the use of products and the current status of projects with them;
Manage relationship with providers — provide product updates, learn about new offerings;
Write detailed functional specifications, user stories and product documentation;
Work with the developers, designers and customer support to solve the tasks that meet the expected outcomes.
Requirements:
Experience in B2B;
Experience of negotiating commercial contracts;
Familiarity with the PCI DSS standard preferred;
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in client-facing situations, to achieve positive outcomes;
Definition and development of deliverables to solve client problems, address difficult client situations, and produce actionable recommendations for clients;
Strong aptitude for structured problem solving and quantitative skills;
Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively — both verbally and in writing — in English;
Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment.
We offer:
Long-term employment with 20 working-days paid annual leave;
Medical insurance;
Support from colleagues and automatization of time-consuming processes;
Compensation for courses, conferences, workshops, etc.;
Summer corporate retreat and regular team-buildings;
Sport activities;
Free corporate English lessons;
* and if you’re also a cat lover, it’s 100% match.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (аккаунт) со знанием английского языка, 13 000 – 15 000 грн
Fondy, платежная платформа. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (изготовление рекламы), 18 000 грн
Эльпассо. Київ.
Account manager, 10 000 – 14 000 грн
Гермес. Київ.
Менеджер по привлечению клиентов со своим авто, 30 000 грн
Кофе-брейк, ООО. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Account manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
Продаж, закупівля
Фінанси, банк
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера по роботі з клієнтами у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3848718
Гарячі вакансії
Оператор по работе с клиентами (English).
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами в строительную компанию.
15 000 – 25 000 грн.*
Склопакетплюс, ТОВ. Київ.
Консультант, менеджер по работе с клиентами.
20 000 грн.*
Maxi Group Kyiv. Київ.
Специалиста по работе с партнёрами со знанием английского языка.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.
Telovox, LLC. Київ.
Оператор call-centre, специалист клиентской поддержки.
13 000 грн.
Би Эл Джи Микрофинанс, ООО. Київ.
Клиент-менеджер, кредитный консультант, кассир.
11 500 – 13 000 грн.
ШвидкоГрошi. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
15 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Система дистанционного обучения Эйнштейн. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.*
Хаскі Аутсорсинг, ТОВ. Київ.
Retention-manager (Forex, Crypto).
100 000 – 200 000 грн.*
FXChoice. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
14 000 грн.
Опентек, ООО. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Account manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor