Вакансія: Customer Care Agent (Evening Shift), компанія Gameloft, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Customer care agent
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Customer Care Agent (Evening Shift)
Gameloft
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
The customer care agent (CCA) is an agent that answers customer complaints from all around the globe. They must answer e-mails and phone calls of customers and store each case in a dedicated tool. Each CCA must keep track of each case until it is solved.Roles and responsibilities:
Give Support to the customers: Identify and solve customer problems using dedicated web tools
Handle and manage web tools specially made for customer support.
Keep a record of each case in another dedicated web tool.
Escalate higher problems and send them to the appropriate team when needed.
Notify Leads when a recurrent problem appears, to prevent further cases.
Be able to identify problems and create new templates for recurrent ones.
Be informed on promotions and information on respective countries.
Requirements:
Fluent level of English
Upper-Intermediate or Advanced level of second language (Spanish / German / French) is a must
Previous working experience in sales or PR is a plus
Microsoft Office skills
Excellent communication skills
Aptitude for team work
Excellent interpersonal relationship
Be responsible and patient
Additional Information:
We are recruiting CCA for Evening Shift. Working schedule will be from 18:00 to 02:00.
Taxi expenses will be covered by company on daily basis.
Working days will be Monday-Friday or Wednesday-Sunday.
PLEASE, SEND YOUR CVs IN ENGLISH ONLY
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер по работе с клиентами, 10 000 – 15 000 грн
Той-Той Трейд. Харків.
Account Manager
PharmBills. Харків.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (HoReCa, Advertising), 12 600 – 30 788 грн
SM International. Харків.
Клиент-менеджер (школа английского для детей), 8 000 грн
JustKids. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Customer care agent
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата customer care agent у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/1386620
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по работе с клиентской базой.
15 000 грн.
Maxi Group Kharkiv. Харків.
Account manager.
Ahlers Logistic Ukraine. Харків.
Тренінги по темі «Customer care agent»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor