Вакансія: Account Manager, 12 300 грн, компанія DecenterAds, робота у Миколаєві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Миколаєві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Account Manager
12 300 грн · $400, $500 - после испытательного срока. Пересмотр ЗП через 6 мес.
DecenterAds
Маркетинг, реклама, PR;
10–50 співробітників
Миколаїв
Повна зайнятість.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Decenterads is seeking an enthusiastic, highly motivated Account Manager to join our team working in a fast growing, fast paced and results driven business.We are an innovative Singapore Digital Media company operating in programmatic advertisement with offices in the Singapore and Ukraine.If you are passionate about technology and working in an entrepreneurial and fun environment, we’d love to hear from you.Responsibilities:
Managing existing clients, solving business and technical issues (in collaboration with tech team);
Analyzing client’s account data in order to optimize the activity to hit media plan;
Monitoring overall media buying process;
Create, manage, optimize and adjust media buying accounts in various systems;
Prioritize and manage many open cases at one time.
Qualification To Apply:
Fluent English;
Technically savvy;
Good analytical and problem-solving skills;
Good interpersonal and customer care skills;
Ability to effectively manage multiple tasks in a fast paced environment;
Team player, active and goal-oriented, self-motivated and flexible person.
Benefits:
15 working days of annual paid vacation + 5 sick leaves;
5-day working week, 8-hour working day (09:00—18:00);
Salary ($400, $500 — after approbation period 2 months). The next salary review is after 6 months of work.
Almost all UA public holidays are days off;
Office in the city center;
Prospects for professional and career growth;
Corporate events and meetings;
Professional and personal trainings;
Comfortable work conditions;
No dress-code;
Friendly work environment;
We have tasty birthday cakes, lunch bunch and subsidized drinks and snacks, funny celebrations, team outings;
We are always happy to meet the newbie colleagues and their new ideas.
To apply please send your CV (photo preferred) on e-mail: [відгукнутися]
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер по работе с клиентами, 7 000 – 20 000 грн
Alan-Rise. Миколаїв.
Эксперт по кредитованию, кассир-оценщик, менеджер по работе с клиентами, 5 000 грн
Єв.Ро.Фінанс, ломбард. Миколаїв.
Кредитний експерт, менеджер по роботі з клієнтами, продавець, 8 400 грн
Перший, ломбард, ПТ. Миколаїв.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами в SEO-студию, 6 000 – 20 000 грн
Руденко В.А., ФЛП. Миколаїв.
Инвестиционный консультант, sales, менеджер по привлечению клиентов, 10 000 грн
Фрідом Фінанс Україна, ТОВ. Миколаїв.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Миколаєві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Account manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Миколаєві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера по роботі з клієнтами у Миколаєві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3388267
Гарячі вакансії
Региональный менеджер по продажам сельскохозяйственной техники.
30 000 грн.*
Интертехинвест, ООО. Миколаїв.
Менеджер по продажам.
12 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Хаскі Аутсорсинг, ТОВ. Миколаїв.
Тренінги по темі «Account manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor