Вакансія: Account Manager, компанія Райффайзен Банк Аваль, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Account Manager
Райффайзен Банк Аваль
· VIP
Фінанси, банки, страхування;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Пирогова, 7.
1,3 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Raiffeisen Bank Aval is looking for Account Manager.Join our International Corporate Clients Team!What to do:
support of banking products selling to international corporate clients (ICC)
performing the functions of the ICC Relationship Manager, in case of the absence
structuring the products and service solutions for the ICC customer
effective interaction with the Bank’s front office and product units during the structuring and selling products
communication and cooperation with the colleagues from Raiffeisen Bank International Group on ICC Customer Engagement and Service
preparation of ICC loan applications, their examination, preparation of draft decisions of the departments on lending and submission of issues for approval by these departments of the bank
initiating, preparing, setting and approving individual tariffs and other ICC customer service solutions / conditions
informational, analytical and administrative support for the International Corporate Clients Department management
preparation of presentations, analytical researches and materials
The successful candidate has:
analytical skills (preparation of analytical materials and presentations)
basic knowledge of corporate, retail and treasury products offered to ICC corporate clients
basic experience of providing corporate credit analysis
good understanding of political and economic environment
strong desire for the professional development and realization of itself as the client manager in the future
experienced user of Excel and PowerPoint
excellent spoken and written English skills, at least Upper-Intermediate level
knowledge of German or other widely used languages ??will be an advantage
excellent communication, organizational skills
analytical and strategical thinking
energetic, self-motivated and organized personality
ability to think strategically and analytically
What we offer:
decent compensation package (salary, bonus, health insurance)
professional development opportunities
soft skills trainings
international experience
Become a part of our success story!#bestcorporate #знамикращіRBA
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Администратор, менеджер по работе с клиентами в сервисный центр Apple, 15 000 грн
Турко А.Ю., ФЛП. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (HoReCa), 14 870 – 34 540 грн
SM International. Київ.
Аккаунт-, Project-manager, 12 000 грн
Авеб. Київ.
Account Manager for Payment gateway
Gamingtec. Київ.
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами, 25 000 грн
HRM-Studio. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Account manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера по роботі з клієнтами у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3815686
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам со знанием польского языка (Forex).
40 000 грн.
Work Out Lead. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.*
Хаскі Аутсорсинг, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
26 000 грн.
Телелайн Едветайзмент, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам, риелтор (ст. м. Площадь Независимости).
15 000 – 45 000 грн.*
Вся недвижимость Украины. Київ.
Специалист по продаже недвижимости (с обучением).
20 000 – 34 000 грн.
Этажи. Київ.
Менеджер по логистике, работе с клиентами.
15 000 грн.*
Амира. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам авто в отдел продаж.
30 000 грн.*
Euro Car Service. Київ.
Специалиста по работе с партнёрами со знанием английского языка.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.
Telovox, LLC. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
25 000 – 45 000 грн.
Traffic Master. Київ.
Консультант, менеджер по работе с клиентами.
20 000 грн.*
Maxi Group Kyiv. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor