Вакансія: Affiliate Manager, компанія Ironbelly Tech, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Менеджер партнерської програми
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 6 березня 2020
Affiliate Manager
+ Bonus
Ironbelly Tech
IT;
менше 10 співробітників
Львів
Повна зайнятість, дистанційна робота, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
Ironbelly Tech is a new IT Company opening an office in Lviv, Ukraine.An Affiliate Manager’s primary role is to seek out new affiliate relationships through a structured sales process to further expand our reach in the online performance marketing industry. The Affiliate Manager must thrive in a cross-functional and fast-paced environment. Our affiliate managers represent the front lines of acquiring affiliate distribution through our HasOffers affiliate tracking software. He /She should excel at building relationships, analyzing marketing campaigns and being self-motivated. This position provides high earning potential for candidates looking to build a career in a growing industry. We are scaling to new heights and are looking for an energetic, creative individual to become part of our team. No experience is necessary, we will teach you everything you need to know.Responsibilities:
Deliver proactive account management by providing business solutions to affiliate partners, as well as offering ideas/methods of increasing revenue through unique marketing programs
Aggressively recruit new affiliate partners
Research and work with affiliate partners are effective ways to optimize their revenue
Actively consult with affiliate partners on an ongoing basis to help overcome their revenue goals by recommending and implementing best practices around online marketing programs
Meet and exceed monthly revenue goals
Prepare sales reports to track, analyze, and forecast revenue opportunities for affiliate partners
Monitor affiliate activity and potential policy/program violations
Keep abreast of competition, competition issues, products, and markets for consumer and performance-based marketing and lead generation
Attend and participate in team meetings, training seminars, and workshops
Occasional travel to industry conferences
Optimization of publishers and technical assistance when needed
Perform additional work as may be required by the Company from time to time
Education and Experience Requirements:
Advanced English
Possess strong negotiation skills and can manage multiple projects simultaneously
Must be able to think creatively on your feet
Positive, team-oriented personality with the desire, ability, and drive to drive a steep, continuous learning curve in the internet industry
Candidate has a thorough understanding of industry terminology
Excellent communication skills with a strong aptitude for Excel, Google Docs and PowerPoint
Ability to succeed in and enjoy a fast-paced, quick-witted environment
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами і продажу (English, Russian, Polish), 17 000 грн
Arosolutions Kiev. Львів.
Офіс-менеджер, по роботі з клієнтами
Betta-Service. Львів.
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами (Сихів), 15 000 грн
Wind кондиціонери. Львів.
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами, 8 000 грн
Рак А.С., ФОП (кадрова агенція). Львів.
Фахівець з обслуговування клієнтів (B2B)
Львівенергозбут, ТзОВ. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Affiliate manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера партнерської програми у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3706876
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам (телефонные переговоры).
30 000 грн.*
YourQuery S.R.O.. Львів.
Клієнт-менеджер, кредитний консультант, касир.
8 000 грн.
ШвидкоГрошi. Львів.
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами зі знанням німецької мови.
14 000 – 18 000 грн.
MSV Multicall. Львів.
Оператор з телефонних продажів.
9 000 – 11 000 грн.
Vodafone Україна. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Affiliate manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor