Вакансія: Retention manager, 35 000 – 50 000 грн, компанія 4Team, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Retention-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Retention manager
35 000 – 50 000 грн · Обсуждаемо
4Team
· Агенція
Пошук персоналу, HR
Київ
Дистанційна робота.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
COMPANY DESCRIPTIONWe are changing the world of television and entertainment by creating an innovative way to experience national and popular content anywhere and anytime. Our employees are our pride and our most valuable asset. If you want to work in a supporting environment surrounded by other professionals and good natured people with positive attitude then we are the right place for you! We invite you to join our growing company and to contribute to the evolution of entertainment.COMPANY CULTUREPerfection is our lifestyleIntegrity is in our DNAWe are ambitious and dedicated to achieving goalsWe’re looking for smart, ambitious, forward-thinking problem solvers with the same set of values to join our world-class team and help us make our company and it’s products even better.JOB DESCRIPTIONWe are looking for highly qualified professionals, who can apply their skills to add value to the most crucial area of the business. Candidates will need to demonstrate an excellent track record of customer service and their ability to foster and develop the right operational culture. In return, we offer a great remuneration package and career progression in an exciting and innovative business. We are looking for the Retention Manager to develop the customer facing operation, delivering an excellent service to our existing customer base at all stages of the journey. RESPONSIBILITIESEnsures the implementation of the Retention Strategy in the company;Takes responsiblilty for meeting the objectives and targets at any stage of the company strategy implementation; Creates and maintains a ‘customer first' retention and engagement plan enabling the achievement of strategic growth goals through customer focused activity.Takes initiatives in customer retention via process improvement plans, efficient reporting and flow of information;Assists in planning, designing and implementing opportunities for improvement in loyalty and churn initiatives by collaborating with other departments and conducting analytics;Maintains industry relationships and develops budgets and controls costs;Provides analytical work, the provision of statistical reporting (both, visual and numerical);Takes responsibility for conducting data mining, predictive modeling, applying advanced mathematical and statistical concepts to interpret results and identify correlations and make recommendations based on insights;Measures and analyzes customer revenue trends and proactively communicates these;QUALIFICATIONS5 years on a similar position in large companies;Excellent analytical and communication skills both written and verbal required;Excellent organizational skills and ability to handle multiple tasks meeting deadlines;Demonstrated ability to work well in a team environment;Intention to work and complete projects without supervision, self-motivated;Ability to communicate with discretion and professionalism, understanding when confidentiality is needed;Appropriate knowledge of English and Polish languages (verbal & written)BENEFITS that are awaiting you if you join us:Opportunities to develop professionallyThe friendly, professional, highly motivated and productive team that wants to develop professionally Creative environment where You will never be bored!Does this sound interesting to you? Do you consider yourself a great fit for this position and like to meet us? You are almost there!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Администратор, менеджер по работе с клиентами в сервисный центр Apple, 15 000 грн
Турко А.Ю., ФЛП. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (HoReCa), 14 870 – 34 540 грн
SM International. Київ.
Аккаунт-, Project-manager, 12 000 грн
Авеб. Київ.
Account Manager for Payment gateway
Gamingtec. Київ.
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами, 25 000 грн
HRM-Studio. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Retention manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата retention-менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3835254
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по В2В-продажам продукции бытовой химии и уходовой косметики.
20 000 грн.*
Симпатик Групп. Київ.
Клиент-менеджер, кредитный консультант, кассир.
11 500 – 13 000 грн.
ШвидкоГрошi. Київ.
Директор по продажам (Advanced English) в Никополь.
Centravis, международный холдинг. Київ.
Коммерческий руководитель.
30 000 – 37 000 грн.
Live Animations Corp.. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (с обучением).
20 000 – 28 000 грн.*
Телелайн Едветайзмент, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер по продаже недвижимости.
24 000 грн.
New Real. Київ.
Оператор call-центра, sales manager.
17 000 – 22 000 грн.*
U-Trust. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
17 000 грн.
Коротень А. М., ФЛП. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам, по работе с клиентами.
19 000 – 35 000 грн.*
Ю-Консалтінг, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам недвижимости, риелтор (ст. м. Контрактовая площадь).
22 000 грн.*
Concord, агентство недвижимости. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Retention manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor