Вакансія: Account manager, компанія Zelh, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 5 березня 2020
Account manager
Zelh
Транспорт, логістика;
10–50 співробітників
Львів
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Zelh is looking for an Account manager for the US-based logistics company.You will receive proper training, and all the tools that would give you a great opportunity to learn much more about the industry, as well as a great opportunity to become a long-term member of the existing tea.Responsibilities and Duties:
It will be under the direct supervision of Operations Manager;
Communicate with existing clients as well as establish new business opportunities by analyzing business cases;
Develop and maintain relationships with assigned key customer contacts and corporate departmental decision-makers to assure complete understanding and knowledge of customer operational and menu objectives/plans and the customer political atmosphere;
Prepare monthly progress reports relative to business development, quotes, and/or summary of activities;
Serve as liaison between customer and all associated company divisions as required;
Build and maintain strong and long-term business relationships with assigned clients;
Proactively work on new cooperation opportunities and develop business with the clients;
Monitor and control clients' satisfaction with provided services and keep it at a high level according to the company standards;
Control financial relationships with the client. Meet assigned expectations for profitability;
Manage clients' experience (coordinate business visits activities, keep all information on client’s cooperation integral, actual and up to date);
Participate in project execution. Help to ensure timely and successful delivery of our solutions according to the client’s needs and expectations;
Other duties as assigned.
Requirements:ADVANCED ENGLISH LEVEL! We kindly ask you not to contact us if your ENGLISH level is lower than Advanced.
Experienced / OR unexperienced in account management and business development;
Excellent verbal and written communication skills;
Highly energetic self-starter, able to think outside the box and work independently;
Strong knowledge of commercial product sales;
Technical & Professional proficiency;
Good research & report writing skills;
Analytical and strategic thinking with good presentation skills;
Strong Customer Service and Relationship Management skills;
Negotiating Skills;
MS Excel knowledge;
Excellent command in spoken and written English;
Great interpersonal abilities to create, maintain and enhance client relationships;
Strong service/client-oriented attitude;
Solid understanding of change and expectations management;
Can plan and execute responsibilities with minimal direction.
We offer:
Competitive salary;
Medical Insurance;
The talented team of professionals;
Comfortable modern office (cabinet system);
Corporate English lessons;
Corporate Events;
Cookies/Fruits/Pizza days once a week;
Marriage/Childbirth bonuses.
Working conditions:
Working in an international company with the possibility of professional growth;
Monday — Friday (3 PM — 00.00 AM Ukrainian Time);
Challenging tasks.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами і продажу (English, Russian, Polish), 17 000 грн
Arosolutions Kiev. Львів.
Офіс-менеджер, по роботі з клієнтами
Betta-Service. Львів.
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами (Сихів), 15 000 грн
Wind кондиціонери. Львів.
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами, 8 000 грн
Рак А.С., ФОП (кадрова агенція). Львів.
Фахівець з обслуговування клієнтів (B2B)
Львівенергозбут, ТзОВ. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Account manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера по роботі з клієнтами у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3839664
Гарячі вакансії
Оператор з телефонних продажів.
9 000 – 11 000 грн.
Vodafone Україна. Львів.
Менеджер по продажам (телефонные переговоры).
30 000 грн.*
YourQuery S.R.O.. Львів.
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами зі знанням німецької мови.
14 000 – 18 000 грн.
MSV Multicall. Львів.
Клієнт-менеджер, кредитний консультант, касир.
8 000 грн.
ШвидкоГрошi. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Account manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor