Вакансія: Retention manager (financial sales), 50 000 грн, компанія Signature (Оніщенко М.В., ФОП), робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер з продажу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Відгук без резюме
Вакансія від 11 березня 2020
Retention manager (financial sales)
50 000 грн
Signature (Оніщенко М.В., ФОП)
Консалтинг, аудит, бухгалтерія;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Хрещатик, 1.
0,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
!!!ONLY FOR ENGLISH SPEAKERS!!!The closing date for receipt of applications is 13 March 2020.Our Company is an extension of a well-established financial company with head-offices in New York. Our company provides Fast Capital to Businesses all over the United States.We are looking for hard-working and money-hungry Sales-people who are eager to work in a lucrative and competitive business environment. Your responsibilities:
The main goal is to build a pipeline with the merchants, explain them all the benefits of our services and, as a result, close the deal under specific offer.
Warm calls (90% of the merchants know what is MCA).
Retain customers, starting from the first conversation.
Handling objections.
Work with a large volume of outbound calls.
Manage your time to achieve maximum results.
Find an individual approach to each client.
We have three (3) Immediately Available Positions:
Team Leader
Closer
Telemarketing (opener)
Our ideal candidate:
Native or fluent English and correct pronunciation.
You are ready to plunge into a new sphere and for person who knows how to work and grow within a team.
Have an ability to work with a massive amount of information, stress resistance
Friendly team and comfortable office in the city — center.
Free coffee included.
Corporate training with our partners from New York.
Have an experience in sales department by telephone for over a year.
Motivated by earning money and exceeding expectations.
You want to be a part of a great team, or build your own team within our company.
We offer:
High base salary $250 — during probation period (first 2 weeks)
$1000 base after probation period (paid two times per month)
+% out of the closed deals
Working hours from 16:00 to 23:45 sharp (MON-FRI). Breaks included.
If you carefully read our vacancy, are sure that this is exactly what fits you, then we are glad to invite you to join our team. IF YOU WANT TO APPLY PLEASE SEND US YOUR CV AND WE WILL CONTACT YOU BACK. FOR ANY FURTHER QUESTIONS FEEL FREE TO CALL US WITHIN OUR WORKING HOURS. For more details regarding job description just call (CALL NOT EARLIER 2PM to 10PM) at
Показати телефон if you have any questions or need to schedule the interview.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам, оператор call-центра, 10 000 – 20 000 грн
KievJob, рекрутинговое агенство. Київ.
Менеджер з продажів телеком-послуг, 20 000 – 30 000 грн
GigaTrans. Київ.
Администратор, менеджер по работе с клиентами в сервисный центр Apple, 15 000 грн
Турко А.Ю., ФЛП. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (HoReCa), 14 870 – 34 540 грн
SM International. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
Продаж, закупівля
Фінанси, банк
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з продажу у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3807808
Гарячі вакансії
Кредитний експерт, менеджер по роботі з клієнтами, касир, продавець.
12 000 – 15 000 грн.
Перший, ломбард, ПТ. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам упаковочных материалов.
20 000 грн.*
Майнау. Київ.
Менеджер активных продаж.
20 000 грн.*
Guru.Team. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
15 000 – 30 000 грн.
Вікна Віконда, ТОВ. Київ.
Оператор call-centre, специалист клиентской поддержки.
13 000 грн.
Би Эл Джи Микрофинанс, ООО. Київ.
Специалиста по работе с партнёрами со знанием английского языка.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.
Telovox, LLC. Київ.
Консультант, менеджер по работе с клиентами.
20 000 грн.*
Maxi Group Kyiv. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам авто в отдел продаж.
30 000 грн.*
Euro Car Service. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
26 000 грн.
Телелайн Едветайзмент, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам нефтепродуктов.
20 000 грн.*
Линии Контрактов, ООО. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Sales manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor