Вакансія: Key Account Manager (agriculture), компанія New Recruiting Group, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Key account manager
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Key Account Manager (agriculture)
New Recruiting Group
· Агенція
Пошук персоналу, HR;
10–50 співробітників
Київ
Виктория Маличенко ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Representation one of the leading Foreign Trade Production Company, in connection with the development of a new direction in the field of grains trading and the opening of a representative office in Ukraine, a announces competition on vacant position Key Account Manager, KyivThe Role:• Build and maintain a network of key suppliers, monitor their activity and market reputation;• Purchase grains on CPT/DAP port basis,• Collect information about local market moves and crop development;Responsibilities:• Responsible for location of available offers of grains and oilseeds according to set terms and conditions, and conclusion of purchase contracts.• Responsible for key supplier relationship development with buying influences for all assigned accounts. Define and pursue opportunities through day-to-day supplier management. Plan and execute origination program initiatives by working with suppliers over the phone and in person.• Day-to-day monitoring of commodity markets, farmer and competition behavior, crop conditions and planting/harvesting progress.• Assess, select and work with suppliers to mitigate their performance risks.• Assess and select reliable inland silo storages and monitor information about their performance and reputation on the market.• Provide input for establishing silo rating.• Responsible for periodic supplier visits to maximize supplier intimacy.• Ensure relevant origination budgets and programs are fulfilled.• Serve as main point of purchase contact for all assigned suppliers. Coordinate account support with Trader to maximize supplier satisfaction.• Efficiently allocate time to grow opportunity suppliers while maintaining relationships with the entire portfolio of suppliers.• Create and maintain actionable database for supplier history and proactive buying opportunities. Survey suppliers for buying opportunities. Track and maintain supplier data and update appropriately.Requirements:• Bachelor degree or equivalent experience required.• In-depth industry knowledge.• Base regular and prospective customers• Valid suppler network, excellent knowledge of inland grain silos.• 5 years of related experience.• Punctuality in document collection.• Strong ability to negotiate with sound judgment skills.• Superior ability to communicate and influence others to action.• Ability to develop solid relationships based on trust and follow-through on commitments.If interested, please kindly send your confidential CV in English with photo with note in a subject «Key Account Manager, Kyiv «to e-mail: [відгукнутися] or call
Показати телефон,
Показати телефон, person in contact Viktoriya Malichenko.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Администратор, менеджер по работе с клиентами в сервисный центр Apple, 15 000 грн
Турко А.Ю., ФЛП. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (HoReCa), 14 870 – 34 540 грн
SM International. Київ.
Account Manager for Payment gateway
Gamingtec. Київ.
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами, 25 000 грн
HRM-Studio. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Key account manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата key account manager у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3856137
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (итальянский язык).
Admitad GmbH. Київ.
Консультант, менеджер по работе с клиентами.
20 000 грн.*
Maxi Group Kyiv. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
14 000 грн.
Опентек, ООО. Київ.
Оператор call-centre, специалист клиентской поддержки.
13 000 грн.
Би Эл Джи Микрофинанс, ООО. Київ.
Кредитний експерт, менеджер по роботі з клієнтами, касир, продавець.
12 000 – 15 000 грн.
Перший, ломбард, ПТ. Київ.
Специалиста по работе с партнёрами со знанием английского языка.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.
Telovox, LLC. Київ.
Оператор по работе с клиентами (English).
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами в строительную компанию.
15 000 – 25 000 грн.*
Склопакетплюс, ТОВ. Київ.
Affiliate manager.
16 000 грн.
Brighta. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
15 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Система дистанционного обучения Эйнштейн. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Key account manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor