Вакансія: Affiliate Manager, компанія JBW Soft, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер партнерської програми
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Affiliate Manager
JBW Soft
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Наталия Стародубова ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
JBW Soft — an IT company that has been on the worldwide market for more than 8 years. From a small company, consisting of 10 people, we have grown into a team of more than 200 professionals. We provide our clients with a full range of services from development to advancement. Our specialists are energetic, young and creative people with high level of professionalism and experience. All of them are ready to share it with you and grow professionally together. We believe that an excellent team is a key to success. Therefore, we establish favorable conditions for the development of talents and skills of our employees.Looking for Affiliate Manager! Ready to teach Junior specialist or to hire an experienced manager as well.Duties:
Maintain customer/partners relationships to meet all business needs
Build strong long-term relationships with existing customers/partners
Acquire new partners for projects growth
Provide timely, professional support via online chats, email, or other channels
Monitor, analyse and optimize performance of campaigns
Identify and resolve issues before they affect campaigns
Provide periodic updates, daily plans and requested reports to the Project Manager
Requirements:
Experience on the same position is a great advantage
At least theoretical knowledge in IT, digital marketing
Writing Upper-intermediate level of English is a must
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Strong attention to details
Ability to work in a multi-tasking
Desire to learn and progress
We offer:
Office within walking distance from the metro
Flexible schedule (starting from 9 to 11 am, 8-hour workday)100%
Compensation of gym
Medical insurance
Paid sick leaves and 20 paid vacation days
Corporate English courses, professional development courses
Free daily lunches and unlimited cofee/tea/milk
Corporate library.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Администратор, менеджер по работе с клиентами в сервисный центр Apple, 15 000 грн
Турко А.Ю., ФЛП. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (HoReCa), 14 870 – 34 540 грн
SM International. Київ.
Аккаунт-, Project-manager, 12 000 грн
Авеб. Київ.
Account Manager for Payment gateway
Gamingtec. Київ.
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами, 25 000 грн
HRM-Studio. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Affiliate manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера партнерської програми у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/2670166
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам.
17 000 грн.
Коротень А. М., ФЛП. Київ.
Менеджер по логистике, работе с клиентами.
15 000 грн.*
Амира. Київ.
Специалиста по работе с партнёрами со знанием английского языка.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.
Telovox, LLC. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами в строительную компанию.
15 000 – 25 000 грн.*
Склопакетплюс, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
15 000 – 30 000 грн.
A-Cars. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам упаковочных материалов.
20 000 грн.*
Майнау. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
15 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Система дистанционного обучения Эйнштейн. Київ.
Оператор call-центра, менеджер телефонных продаж.
10 000 – 17 000 грн.*
MLux. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам и работе с клиентами.
15 000 – 40 000 грн.
Euro Car Service. Київ.
Торговый представитель с авто, дистрибьютор.
20 000 – 50 000 грн.
Жар Ко. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Affiliate manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor