Вакансія: Senior Project, Account Manager, компанія Ardas, робота у Дніпрі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Дніпрі
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Senior Project, Account Manager
Ardas
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Дніпро, вулиця Європейська, 9.
0,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We arelooking for a skilled Account Manager to join the team of a project.About the project:Transport Exchange Group provides best-in-class software solutions for the transport industry. Based in West London we provide the UK’s largest freight exchanges to circa 6000 members and counting.What would you be doing?
Build partnership relations with C-level executives
Develop and execute a comprehensive account management strategy to maximize business results and tackle all opportunities
Actively understand customers' needs, problems, and strategic growth plans
Manage financial KPIs
Develop business opportunities, basing on the information from the external and internal customer sources
Write business correspondence in English
Participate in various business events (business negotiations, steering meetings)
Client satisfaction feedback gathering and sharing— Organize and conduct a Customer Satisfaction Survey
Account growth and development
Manage escalated issues for resolution
Update Customer related risks and apply appropriate mitigation strategy/plan when necessary
Organize and conduct scheduled Customer visits
Collaborates with the sales team to reach prospective clients
Customer on-site visits
Meetings facilitation.
What we are expecting from you?
You have an advanced level of English
You have good communication and presentation skills to communicate effectively with customers and project teams
Client-management & relationship management skills
Ability to transform projects according to Agile processes and standards
Risks, issues and scope management
You have excellent knowledge of SDLC and various methodologies
You see an opportunity rather than an issue in all situations in your life
You are a good communicator and believe that you can grow chemistry with any person even during the interview process
You are very detail-oriented
You love business environment and all the processes that happen in it
A real passion for customer experience, software development, and technology.
What would be great to have…
Technical background: the ability to be engaged in technical discussions with the client, project team and management
What do we offer?
A decent level of salary
Continuous professional competencies development and professional growth opportunities
Flexible schedule (40h per week)
Paid training
Paid leave 18 days / Paid sick leave
Comfortable working place (2 monitors, productive tools)
Very warm and friendly working environment
Foreign languages learning in the company office (different levels of language skills; etc.)
Corporate/ team/ special events
We always encourage candidates from different locations to apply for our open positions. People who join the team and need to relocate from different regions, except Dnepr, are eligible to relocation bonus
Challenging work in the international professional environment.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Project-менеджер (account, SEO, маркетинг), 10 000 – 20 000 грн
OnPage. Дніпро.
Аккаунт-, проджект-менеджер, 10 000 – 15 000 грн
Frukt.Group, Facebook marketing agency. Дніпро.
Администратор образовательных проектов, клиент-менеджер, 7 000 – 13 000 грн
Olos-Academy. Дніпро.
Account-менеджер
Livepage. Дніпро.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Дніпрі
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Account manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Дніпрі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера по роботі з клієнтами у Дніпрі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3835320
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
15 000 – 30 000 грн.
Сергеева Ю.Э., ФЛП (квартирное бюро). Дніпро.
Account manager со знанием немецкого языка.
15 000 – 18 500 грн.*
Клевер, ООО. Дніпро.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
28 000 грн.*
New Stream Marketing. Дніпро.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
18 000 грн.*
Global Smart Group (GSG). Дніпро.
Тренінги по темі «Account manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor