Вакансія: Affiliate Manager, Team Lead (Dating vertical), 30 000 – 50 000 грн, компанія MDconsult, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Тім лід
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Affiliate Manager, Team Lead (Dating vertical)
30 000 – 50 000 грн · Залежність від досвіду
MDconsult
· Агенція
Пошук персоналу, HR;
10–50 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Кульпарківська, 200.
4,7 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Affiliate Manager/ Head of Affiliate (Dating vertical)IT digital performance marketing agency is looking for the active, goal oriented, talented Affiliate Manager/ Team Lead Affiliate in our fast-growing team in Lviv or remote.Requirements:• Management experience in affiliate marketing min 1 year• Experience with dating vertical minimum 1 year, including adult, mainstream, casual (with model CPL: SOI, DOI, CPS is also plus)• Manage affiliates to increase revenue and overall ROI• Experience and knowledge about different dating services• Readiness for relocation to Lviv• Manage, motivate & bring out the best in the existing affiliate team• Strong negotiation and communication skills• Proven success in developing strategic partnerships, preferably in an international environment• A highly results oriented, articulate, decisive, self-starter who energizes people around him/her• English upper intermediate or higher• Willing to develop dating vertical• Strong analytical skills• Strong people leadership skillsResponsibilities:• Lead the affiliate team (setup plans and goals, help with achieving them);• Cooperate with business development team for the faster growth of the affiliate department• Setting tasks for the development team;• You will be fully responsible for the further growth of dating vertical• Search for new partners through forums, conferences, affiliate network advertising and increasing traffic with existing partners;• Affiliate program marketing: conducting advertising campaigns for new partners• Affiliate analysis of competitors' programs, development of new promotional materials for partners and analysis of theirs conversion;• Control of accruals and payments to partners;• Monitoring Daily, Weekly, Monthly reports and traffic analysis;• The construction of KPI and processes within the Affiliate team of a unit, formation of a team for the needs of the businessAlso we are looking for affiliate manager, you are welcome to send your CV.We offer:• Friendly working atmosphere• Competitive salary• 24 days of holidays• Flexible working time• Free coffee and snacks• Ability to visit international conferences
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами і продажу (English, Russian, Polish), 17 000 грн
Arosolutions Kiev. Львів.
Офіс-менеджер, по роботі з клієнтами
Betta-Service. Львів.
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами (Сихів), 15 000 грн
Wind кондиціонери. Львів.
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами, 8 000 грн
Рак А.С., ФОП (кадрова агенція). Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Affiliate manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата тім ліда в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3857626
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами зі знанням німецької мови.
14 000 – 18 000 грн.
MSV Multicall. Львів.
Клієнт-менеджер, кредитний консультант, касир.
8 000 грн.
ШвидкоГрошi. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Affiliate manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor