Вакансія: Customer care agent, компанія Smart Solutions, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Customer care agent
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Customer care agent
Smart Solutions
· VIP · Агенція
Пошук персоналу, HR;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
Our client — an international IT-company — has an amazing Customer Care team in Kyiv and is looking for new candidates to join! Send us your CV if you are ready to provide support and inspiration to over 150 million users around the world!We offer:• competitive salary, great benefits, including time off;• health insurance;• subsidized lunch, happy hours and so much more. We work in small teams to allow everyone to express their creativity, and we never stop learning.Requirements:• proficient in written and spoken English, and eager to explore new technology;• you have the ability to learn new concepts and solve problems thoughtfully and effectively; • you have customer service experience in any industry, strong critical thinking skills, you know how to identify challenges and solutions;• you love to help other people and want to influence the way our users perceive our products; • you are comfortable working in a fast-paced and deadline-driven environment. No tech experience is required, we’ll train you!Responsibilities:• provide Wix users with technical solutions over the e-mail and in proactive and reactive chat;• analyze user behavior, content suitability, develop and maintain positive customer relations and satisfaction;• influence the way we support our users and improve it to make sure our users' experience is the best possible;• work with all other departments and product teams, and liaise with them about our users' needs;• you embrace the challenges of global communication and love working as part of a team; • you take ownership of every project you touch and always take initiative.Please send your CV in English.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Администратор, менеджер по работе с клиентами в сервисный центр Apple, 15 000 грн
Турко А.Ю., ФЛП. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (HoReCa), 14 870 – 34 540 грн
SM International. Київ.
Аккаунт-, Project-manager, 12 000 грн
Авеб. Київ.
Account Manager for Payment gateway
Gamingtec. Київ.
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами, 25 000 грн
HRM-Studio. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Customer care agent
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата customer care agent у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3759009
Гарячі вакансії
Руководитель отдела продаж.
Ruta, family club hotel. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам недвижимости, по работе с клиентами, риелтор.
25 000 – 50 000 грн.*
Alfabrok.ua (Альфаброк, ТМ). Київ.
Менеджер по снабжению (Троещина).
13 000 – 16 000 грн.*
Profi-Trade+. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам авто в отдел продаж.
30 000 грн.*
Euro Car Service. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам, риелтор (ст. м. Площадь Независимости).
15 000 – 45 000 грн.*
Вся недвижимость Украины. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (горячая база, Forex).
60 000 – 85 000 грн.*
FXChoice. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам, по работе с клиентами.
19 000 – 35 000 грн.*
Ю-Консалтінг, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер по консультации клиентов.
15 000 – 50 000 грн.*
Sky Union Holdings. Київ.
Специалист по продаже недвижимости (с обучением).
20 000 – 34 000 грн.
Этажи. Київ.
Торговый представитель с авто, дистрибьютор.
20 000 – 50 000 грн.
Жар Ко. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor