Вакансія: IT Senior Sales Manager, компанія Opinion Corp, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Менеджер з продажу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
IT Senior Sales Manager
Opinion Corp
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Харків, вулиця Сумська, 6.
0,1 км від центру ·
На мапі
Елена ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
This role is a hybrid of traditional jobs in sales, sales operations and strategic planning — requiring a fair mix of sales skills, market analysis, sales optimization and business understanding. We also need a fresh look at the services we offer to develop fresh, unique sales and business perspectives, and drive the business forward.Requirements:
At least 2 years of hands-on experience in sales;
Demonstrated ability to structure complex problems, develop solutions, and craft high-quality executive presentations;
Has the ability to build rapport and make a good impression with leads;
Flexibility to adjust on the fly to new demands and to jump on a call to break the ice with a client;
At least Upper-Intermediate English (fluency is a big advantage).
Will be a plus:
Prior experience in the software industry (Customer service, SEO or marketing tools industry preferred).
Experience in B2B sales;
relevant market experience (US, Canada, Europe).
Responsibilities:
Present and sell our business solutions and services via GoToMeeting video conferences;
Uncover prospect’s business challenges and identify relevant new business opportunities;
Lead ongoing analysis of sales performance to support daily operations (Zoho CRM);
Design, interpret key performance metrics and craft plans to address identified weaknesses;
Performance an annual sales plan;
Drive strategic initiatives including sales funnel and pipeline creation and management;
Direct report to our CEO and COO.
We offer:
Salary plus commission and annual bonus according to performance review;
Flexible working schedule;
Modern and cozy office in the historical heart of the city (It's only 100 m away from Historical Museum subway station);
English speaking club with native speakers;
HappyFriday with free lunches;
Official employment, help with managing your taxes and accounting;
Full social package (24 calendar days of vacation, paid sick leave etc.);
Corporate educational system with its own library. At the initial stage, we train and help you to know our website and become a part of our team. Also, you will have a possibility to attend conferences and workshops to develop your professional skills;
You will have an opportunity to develop your career path;
We hold corporate events, team buildings, help kids in an orphan house.
Our team:Our team has a hash tag to collect moments to remember: goo.gl/J3vCo3 Come and join our very friendly team #корпорация_зла.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам (IT-сфера), 12 000 – 30 000 грн
Prime Lab. Харків.
Sales manager (IT)
TAGSoft. Харків.
Junior IT Sales Manager
Netpeak. Харків.
IT Sales Manager
Engineering Idea. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з продажу у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3718822
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам.
14 000 грн.*
NZ Маркет. Харків.
Менеджер по продажам (IT-оборудование).
15 000 – 45 000 грн.*
Indistry. Харків.
Менеджер по продажам онлайн (горячие заявки).
12 000 грн.*
JustKids. Харків.
Менеджер по телефонным продажам.
Новый Стиль, АО. Харків.
Региональный менеджер по продаже сельскохозяйственной техники.
30 000 грн.*
Интертехинвест, ООО. Харків.
Тренінги по темі «Sales manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor