Вакансія: Sales executive, 17 500 – 75 000 грн, компанія Belkins, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Sales Executive
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Sales executive
17 500 – 75 000 грн
Belkins
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Сумська, 1.
6,5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Belkins is a trusted B2B lead generation and appointment-scheduling agency, with a presence in over 30 countries. We offer a comprehensive range of sales and business development processes including company research, B2B outreach programs, and lead qualification. We can handle every aspect of a client’s top-of-the-sales-funnel needs, from targeted database building to appointment-scheduling with qualified sales prospects.We are currently seeking a highly-motivated Sales Executive to help us grow our International Sales desk located in Ukraine. This is a great opportunity for any individual looking to take their sales career to the next level! You’ll be working in our exciting Kyiv office along with our VP of Sales, Sales Support Specialists, and Business Development Representatives. Responsibilities: * Managing a full sales cycle within the company’s client acquisition division; * Developing and implementing outreach strategies and identifying new markets, relying on inside sales support and B2B BDR’s; * Conducting demo calls with qualified prospects that were scheduled via outbound and inbound channels; * Building a sales pipeline to ensure a constant stream of sales; * Working towards monthly sales and revenue targets as set by the VP of Sales; * Entering all required data for sales onto the company CRM; * Following up with past customers and cross-selling products; * Investigating and resolving queries from customers. Requirements: * At least Advanced level of English (C1-C2); * Experience in a sales role or similar clients related roles; * Track record of achieving KPI’s and targets; * Excellent time management and superior attention to detail; * Self-motivated and organized individual; * Team player with the rest of the sales team; * A big advantage, if you lived in the US or Canada.Here at Belkins, we appreciate you for who you are, for your personality and passion, for your desire to learn and improve your hard and soft skills, but not merely for your «on paper» experience and achievements! There are a lot of qualities we value a lot, so if You Are: * Outgoing with an ability to build rapport with people of all backgrounds; * Have strong verbal and written communication ability; * Excited about working at one of the fastest-growing companies in the B2B services space; * Interested in working with many unique companies and their research and sales requirements; * A person that loves relationship-building and enjoys problem-solving; * Inspired by the work you do, the goals you achieve and the opportunities you create; * Strategic-thinking with an entrepreneurial spirit; * A person who approaches sales open-mindedly; Hurry up and contact us, we found each other and together we will be unstoppable! We Offer: * $ base salary trial period (3 months); * A successful KPI completion for 3 months in a row, base salary growth; * Sales bonus from the monthly subscription fee of each client you close; * Best-in-class training and development, access to corporate Kindle, Coursera, Wiki. * We work Mon — Fri from 2pm to 10pm; * The possibility to occasionally work from home after the probation period; * Fully paid sickness leave; * Annual vacation of 20 working days, US public holidays days off; * Comfy office near Vasylkivska station (2 minutes walk). Please note that you will have to pass a short written test after your resume is approved, to evaluate your knowledge and prior experience. Please, send your resumes to [відгукнутися]
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам
Интеркабель Киев. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам в магазин швейных машин "Швейкин", 16 000 – 22 000 грн
Евротриумф, ООО. Київ.
Sales Manager, 20 000 – 70 000 грн
UAC CGI. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам, оператор call-центра, 10 000 – 20 000 грн
KievJob, рекрутинговое агенство. Київ.
Менеджер з продажів телеком-послуг, 20 000 – 30 000 грн
GigaTrans. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Sales Executive
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата Sales Executive у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3831930
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продаже недвижимости.
24 000 грн.
New Real. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (с обучением).
20 000 – 28 000 грн.*
Телелайн Едветайзмент, ООО. Київ.
Специалист по продаже недвижимости (с обучением).
20 000 – 34 000 грн.
Этажи. Київ.
Руководитель отдела продаж.
Ruta, family club hotel. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.*
Хаскі Аутсорсинг, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
25 000 – 45 000 грн.
Traffic Master. Київ.
Head of Procurement and Real Estate у Макарів.
Сканія Україна, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (горячая база, Forex).
60 000 – 85 000 грн.*
FXChoice. Київ.
Affiliate manager.
16 000 грн.
Brighta. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами в строительную компанию.
15 000 – 25 000 грн.*
Склопакетплюс, ТОВ. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Sales Executive»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor