Вакансія: Advertising Manager, менеджер по интернет-рекламе, 20 000 – 26 000 грн, компанія Alirm LLC, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер з інтернет-реклами
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Advertising Manager, менеджер по интернет-рекламе
20 000 – 26 000 грн · Negotiable, based on skills
Alirm LLC
Роздрібна торгівля;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, Кловський узвіз, 7.
1,7 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We are looking for the highly professional and pro-active Advertizing Manager to join our Kyiv based team. This is a great chance to be involved in a fast-growing company and become a valuable part of the international team.Responsibilities:
Campaigns creating, managing & developing: search, display, re-marketing, optimization;
Maintaining and monitoring keyword bids, account daily and monthly budget caps, impression share, quality score, conversion rates, seasonal/geographical trends, search queries, product pages/landing pages, conversion funnel, etc.;
Reporting (daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly) and analyzing with conclusions and suggestions for improvement major metrics, goals tracking, revenue tracking, etc.;
Keeping pace with search engine and Advertising industry trends and developments;
Manage and monitor Ad-spend: Identify opportunities to increase ROI on spend and consistently test and learn to maximize results;
Conduct research and trend analysis to create effective Ads campaigns;
Direct and handle new paid search campaigns, ad groups, and accounts and aid in the creation of paid search marketing initiatives;
Deep dive into analytics data to form the basis of campaign strategies and optimization;
New product launch support — auto campaigns run and testing, analysis, keyword research;
Suggest and develop new campaigns.
Requirements:
Excellent command of English and extraordinary communication skills;
Motivation, pro-activity, and enthusiasm are a must;
Proven experience with Google Ads, Bing, Yahoo AdCenter, AdWords, Facebook;
Strong quantitative and qualitative analytical skills and open technical mind;
Project management skills — ability to detail out a plan and execute on a deadline;
Ability to handle multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment, under tight deadlines;
Proficient in MS Office (particularly Excel).
Work Conditions:
Full-time office job 5 days, 40 hours week;
Competitive stable compensation;
Career advancement opportunities within the company and personal development;
Work schedule: 12 pm — 9 pm (UTC+3);
Official contract.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Специалист по контекстной рекламе, Junior PPC-Specialist, 6 000 – 14 000 грн
Coffeeok, интернет-магазин. Київ.
Специалист по контекстной рекламе
Rozetka. Київ.
Менеджер по контекстной рекламе
Spring Studio. Київ.
Специалист по продвижению сайтов (SEO), таргетолог, маркетолог, трафик-менеджер, 12 000 – 20 000 грн
Киборг Продакшн. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер з реклами
Маркетолог
PR-менеджер
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Прес-секретар
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
Advertising manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з інтернет-реклами у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3827353
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер з зовнішньої реклами.
18 000 грн.
Червоний Маркет. Київ.
Интернет-маркетолог.
25 000 – 30 000 грн.*
Время Газа. Київ.
Специалист по управленческому учету (маркетинг).
WOG. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Advertising manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor