Вакансія: Sales Manager (B2B), 24 000 грн, компанія Luxury Brand Consulting LLC, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер з продажу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Sales Manager (B2B)
24 000 грн · Fixed rate + bonus
Luxury Brand Consulting LLC
Маркетинг, реклама, PR;
10–50 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість, дистанційна робота, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Luxury Lifestyle Awards — a global award selecting, recognizing, celebrating and promoting the best luxury goods and services all over the world is now seeking an experienced B2B Sales Manager for Remote Work to join our fast growing international team. Your primary responsibility will be actively approaching targeted business clients via telephone, email, social network. Advanced spoken and written English is a Must. Why join our team?
Interesting project and product that you can be proud of
Remote work and flexible schedule
Open-minded friendly team that is happy to hear new ideas and suggestions from each of employees
Opportunities for Career Growth
High-Profile Clients — best luxury businesses all over the world
Paid vacation and sick leaves (after working 6 months in our company)
Competitive salary paid on time in USD — you can easily earn over 1000 USD monthly (fixed rate and unlimited bonuses)
What will your main responsibilities be?
Making phone and email sales;
Conducting B2B negotiations, searching contact details of the relevant clients, closing deals;
Taking part in creation of strategic sales plans, implementing them and analyzing the results;
Meeting and exceeding sales goals;
Maintaining client records in CRM;
Establishing, developing and maintaining positive business and customer relationships, handling clients' requests/questions in timely manner;
Presenting sales reports and realistic forecasts to the management team;
Identifying and implementing ways to increase leads and sales performance
What are we expecting from you?
Strong self-management skills and high motivation;
Ability to work remotely — computer/laptop, fast and reliable Internet access, headset
Successful previous experience in B2B sales to foreign clients (US/EU) and lead generation, understanding of the sales process and dynamics;
Advanced level of written and spoken English;
Excellent verbal and written business communication skills;
Competency in Microsoft applications including Word, Excel and Outlook;
Diploma in Linguistics/International Relations or similar area will be a plus;
Experience of working in luxury field and/or real estate business will be a plus.
A few more words about working conditions.
Remote work;
Flexible schedule 5/2, 8-hour working day;
IP telephony;
Regular meetings with the team (online);
Clients' databases provided;
Fixed rate (discussed during the interview) and unlimited bonuses;
Conditions for professional development and career growth.
Do you want to work remotely, develop your professional skills, make impact on the project and your salary? — We will be happy to have you in our team! Feel free to contact us and send you CV with a few words about yourself. Check out our website for more info: https://luxurylifestyleawards.com
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
IT sales manager (B2B), 55 000 грн
De Novo. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (В2В)
ВиДи Мотор Импортс, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (B2B), 35 000 грн
ТБТ Енерго. Київ.
Менеджер по объектным продажам (B2B), 25 000 – 35 000 грн
Stemax. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (В2В), 15 000 – 25 000 грн
IT Education Center. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з продажу у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3842229
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам (с обучением).
20 000 – 28 000 грн.*
Телелайн Едветайзмент, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (горячая база, Forex).
60 000 – 85 000 грн.*
FXChoice. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (HoReCa).
25 000 грн.*
Fabrika Coffee. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (горячая база).
16 000 – 50 000 грн.*
Finconsulting Ukraine. Київ.
Менеджер з продажу (В2В).
25 000 грн.
Meest. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
15 000 – 30 000 грн.
Вікна Віконда, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
15 000 – 40 000 грн.
Вилла люкс, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам упаковочных материалов.
20 000 грн.*
Майнау. Київ.
Менеджер по В2В-продажам продукции бытовой химии и уходовой косметики.
20 000 грн.*
Симпатик Групп. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам, риелтор (ст. м. Площадь Независимости).
15 000 – 45 000 грн.*
Вся недвижимость Украины. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Sales manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor