Вакансія: Strong Junior/Middle PHP Developer (Online Streaming Service), компанія Sigma Software, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Програміст PHP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Strong Junior/Middle PHP Developer (Online Streaming Service)
Sigma Software
· VIP
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Харків, вулиця Академіка Проскури, 1.
6,7 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
It’s an exciting opportunity for fans of world-class live sports events like Premier League, UEFA Champions League, NHL, and Formula 1. For more than 6 years, Sigma Software has been contributing to the improvement of a video on demand platform owned by a Swedish company.As a Strong Junior PHP Developer, you will be a part of a seasoned team located in Kharkiv. Chance to work with different technologies, development practices, and possibility to experiment with modern approaches are among the project opportunities.Ready to take part in the creating of the future of entertainment? Keep reading.Customer:Our customer is a leading premium online video streaming service in the Nordics. The company offers the most popular TV series, a vast international movie catalogue, and a world-class selection of live sports events including Premier League, Champions League, and NHL. Our team has become an integral part of development structure and has successfully delivered several new features, content management tools, and subscription services for the platform.Project:The project belongs to the field of entertainment. It gives possibility to work with various technologies (11 programming languages are used in the product development), development practices and possibilities to experiment with modern approaches. All architecture decisions and development are upon us. All developers can communicate directly with the client’s team via chat or voice.Responsibilities:
Take part in building advanced integrations between different systems throughout the organization
Participate in technical meetings with cross-functional teams, product owners, and designers to design and ship new features and enhancements
Take responsibility for all stages of development from initial architecture to implementation
Build quality solutions to always deliver the best experience possible to our users
Provide support for other developers with code review for compliance with the best engineering practices, coding standards, and quality criteria
Perform unit and integration testing
Requirements:
At least 2 years of work experience developing web applications with PHP and JavaScript
Knowledge and experience with PHP MVC Frameworks
Good OOP and design patterns knowledge
Good knowledge of Databases (MySQL or other SQL based databases) with the ability to write and understand complex queries for normalized databases
Knowledge of REST API
Good front-end development skills (HTML5/CSS3, JavaScript and JavaScript Libraries (e.g. jQuery, Angular, React))
At least Intermediate level of English
Will be a plus:
Experience with NodeJS
Knowledge of AWS (Elastic Beanstalk, SNS, RDS, S3, CloudFormation)
Experience with Docker, CI (Jenkins)
Personal profile:
Team player
Results driven and able to complete tasks on time with little supervision.
Enthusiasm for Agile software development
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
PHP-программист junior, web-разработчик, 8 000 грн
Aweb Systems. Харків.
Junior Full Stack PHP/JS Developer
MaybeWorks. Харків.
Junior PHP developer
NIX Solutions. Харків.
Junior Full Stack PHP/JS Developer
Antagosoft. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Програміст PHP
PHP developer
Розробник PHP
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Back end програміст
Back end developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста PHP у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3856932
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor