Вакансія: PHP Developer, компанія MindK, робота у Сумах — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Сумах
Програміст PHP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
PHP Developer
MindK
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Суми, вулиця Воскресенська, 9.
0,3 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
MindK is a software development company with an R&D office in Sumy, Ukraine. We develop complex web and mobile applications for our clients all over the world.Currently, we are looking for a PHP Developer for joining our team in Sumy office on a full-time basis.Some words about the project:A SaaS solution that helps large companies in the Nordic region report, analyze and manage all the sustainability and environmental data (https://www.mindk.com/work/cemasys/).Technologies used: PHP + NodeJSRequirements:
understanding of OOP;
2+ years of commercial experience in PHP development; experience with recent versions of PHP is a plus;
experience with one of the modern web frameworks (Symfony, Laravel, etc.);
knowledge with one of the modern Node.js frameworks: Express, AdonisJs, NestJS, Sails.js, etc…
knowledge of JavaScript (OOP, DOM);
knowledge of SQL and experience with MySQL or PostgreSQL
technical English is a must (writing and speaking).
The company offers:Office in the very center of the city with a kitchen, living room, PlayStation and mini-gym. Besides, as a MindK employee you get:
competitive salary that matches your qualifications and experience (depends on the results of a technical interview);
career development and regular salary reviews;
the opportunity to attend free English classes;
medical insurance;
the opportunity to participate in conferences and events organized by the company;
throw team building, parties, and corporate events.
Type of employment:Full-time office work.Paid probationary period.More about the Company:https://www.mindk.com/company/
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle PHP Developer
MindK. Суми.
PHP Developer (Laravel)
Marakas Design Studio. Суми.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Сумах
Програміст PHP
PHP developer
Розробник PHP
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Сумах
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста PHP в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3850312
Тренінги по темі «PHP developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor