Вакансія: Senior PHP Developer, компанія Artelogic, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Програміст PHP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 2 березня 2020
Senior PHP Developer
Artelogic
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Щирецька, 36/5.
5,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
ARTELOGIC is a modern IT business structure that consists of a society of open-minded and business-oriented professionals that helps business owners and C-level executives around the globe to deliver their software solutions (startups and enterprise) to the marketplace in a most effective way.We are looking for the Senior PHP Developer!Project overview:We’re looking for an experienced Senior PHP Developer to engage on one of our existing UK-based projects and take a leading role in migrating the application to Laravel using current best practices in software design and development. The candidate will have to demonstrate good knowledge in software architecture design, as well as be able to clearly explain the reasoning behind tech decisions.Requirements:
4+ years of experience in web development
Expert in Laravel
Experience working with React.js or any other popular front-end frameworks (such as Angular or Vue.js)
Experience working with NoSQL and MySQL databases
Proven experience building responsive user interfaces for web applications
Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git
Experience with Unit and Integration Testing
English — strong upper-intermediate and above, both written and verbal
Responsibilities:
Follow team guidelines ensuring quality and consistency in the design and development phases of applications
Lead efforts to design, architect and write new software components
Independently handle project activities related to builds and deployments
Create software tests, verify the functionality and quality of the software
Provide support for production applications as issues arise
Troubleshoot performance and scalability issues
Identify opportunities to improve and optimize applications
Work with project management to understand new requirements
Follow internal software development processes and standards
We offer
Professional and career development opportunities
Exposure and training in a rapidly growing, dynamic, and uniquely global industry
Be part of a highly collaborative and energetic team of professionals
Paid vacations and sick leaves 24/7
Flexible working hours
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior PHP Backend Developer (Laravel, Symfony, Lumen) in Kyiv
Investors in Ideas Ltd. Львів.
Senior PHP Developer (Laravel), 51 000 – 78 000 грн
Askep.net. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Програміст PHP
PHP developer
Розробник PHP
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Back end developer
Back end програміст
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста PHP у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3842535
Тренінги по темі «PHP developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor