Вакансія: Senior PHP Developer, компанія DiJust, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Програміст PHP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Senior PHP Developer
DiJust
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
DiJust Company was founded by the group of young professionals and talented developers. Our core business area is creation of in-house game-themed web and mobile applications.As of today, by own efforts we have created numerous products and set heart on doing even more!Game development is our passion, and we feel like there is always room for improvement and innovation.Currently we are looking for Senior PHP Developer to join our team.Stack of technologies and tools we use in our work:
PHP 7
Yii Framework
ReactPHP
PostgreSQL
RabbitMQ
Redis, Memcached
Nginx
Node.js
VueJS
Webpack
Zabbix, Kibana
Git, Confluence, JIRA
Requiremenets:
Higher education;
3+ years experience in PHP;
Extensive experience with PHP 7.0 and higher
Knowledge and using of OOP;
Understanding of the principles of MVC, SOLID;
Experience with the Yii 1.1 / 2.0 framework;
Experience in working with PostgreSQL, database design and optimization;
Extensive experience with RabbitMQ;
Experience in working with HTML5, JavaScript, VueJS, Webpack, NodeJS, Websockets;
Ability to work with Git, Jira.
Responsibilities:
Development of a large high-load project;
Prompt response in case of failure of any part of the system;
Development of new and support of old functionality;
Work with Big Data;
Research on increasing the performance of heavily loaded systems;
Design of asynchronous architecture;
Additional functionality development:
Integration with payment systems (PCI DSS credit cards processing);
Cryptocurrency processing;
Email / sms auto-link algorithms;
API implementation with game content providers;
Additional statistics modules;
Software development affiliate programs and more.
We offer:
Work on a successful Ukrainian commercial game project;
Interesting tasks, the possibility of professional and career growth;
Efficient workflow organization and quick decision making;
Lack of bureaucracy;
Comfortable office in Kyiv city centre;
Friendly staff;
Participation in thematic conferences;
Medical insurance;
Paid vacation and sick leave;
Corporate events.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
FullStack Senior Developer PHP, 60 000 грн
Booking Health GmbH. Київ.
Middle/Senior PHP Full Stack Developer в платежную организацию, 19 000 – 48 000 грн
Novalnet Technologies LLC. Київ.
Middle/Senior PHP developer
Techmedia4u. Київ.
Middle/Senior PHP developer, 50 000 грн
Віді. Київ.
Middle/Senior PHP developer
AdAgency, LLC. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Програміст PHP
PHP developer
Розробник PHP
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Back end програміст
Back end developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста PHP у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3814774
Тренінги по темі «PHP developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor