Вакансія: Senior PHP Developer (Marketing Department), компанія DiJust, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Програміст PHP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Senior PHP Developer (Marketing Department)
DiJust
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Currently we are looking for a Senior PHP Developer to join our team.Requirements:
Extensive experience with PHP 7.0 and higher (OOP, Patterns, Solid);
Experience with the Yii 2.0 framework;
Data queuing and pipelines (RabbitMQ, or more preferrably Kafka);
5+ years experience in PHP;
Experience in working with PostgreSQL, database design and optimization.
Will be a big plus:
Linux administration skills;
Experience with high-load systems;
Experience with REST API integration;
Marketing products development experience (affiliate systems, CRM segmentations, postbacks and so on).
Responsibilities:
Development of an internal marketing automation and analytics platform: email, sms, Viber, push notifications delivery, tracking systems.
Stack of technologies and tools we use in our work:
PHP 7
Yii Framework
ReactPHP
PostgreSQL
RabbitMQ
Redis, Memcached
Nginx
Node.js
VueJS
Webpack
Zabbix, Kibana
Git, Confluence, Jira
We offer:
Work on a successful Ukrainian commercial game project;
Efficient workflow organisation and quick decision making;
Lack of bureaucracy;
Comfortable office in Kyiv city centre;
Friendly staff;
Participation in thematic conferences;
Medical insurance;
Paid vacation and sick leave;
Corporate events.
About DiJustWe develop awesome products for online gaming industry.Game development is our passion, and we feel like there is always room for improvement and innovation.Our mission is to discover new facets in gaming industry to become known and distinguished on the global market.Our goal is to meet the highest standards of products and services.We are eager to hire young, talented, goal-oriented and creative employees to create solid team building high-quality products for the global market.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
PHP-розробник (senior)
1+1 медіа. Київ.
FullStack Senior Developer PHP, 60 000 грн
Booking Health GmbH. Київ.
Middle/Senior PHP Full Stack Developer в платежную организацию, 19 000 – 48 000 грн
Novalnet Technologies LLC. Київ.
Middle/Senior PHP developer
Techmedia4u. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Програміст PHP
PHP developer
Розробник PHP
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Back end програміст
Back end developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста PHP у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3838370
Тренінги по темі «PHP developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor