Вакансія: PHP full-stack developer, 27 000 грн, компанія Uran Company, робота у Запоріжжі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Запоріжжі
Програміст PHP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
PHP full-stack developer
27 000 грн · По результатам собеседования и выполнения тестового задания
Uran Company
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Запоріжжя
Julia Semiglazova ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, дистанційна робота.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
For work in an international IT company on a permanent basis is required an experienced PHP full-stack Developer of «junior» level or above.The main direction — the development of full-stack enterprise applications and web services using the cutting edge technologies and frameworks.Main requirements:Good knowledge of client-server architecture and HTTP protocol.2+ years experience with PHP 5+ and OOP.Good knowledge of software design patterns and best practices.Experience with (must have):
At least one MVC framework (Laravel 5, Yii, Codeigniter, Zend, Symfony etc.)
Practical experience with SQL and NoSQL databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Firebase, etc.)
JavaScript OOP and event driven programming (including ECMAScript 6+ features), experience with at least one of JavaScript client-side frameworks (Vue.js, React, Angular, etc.)
Building RESTful JSON based web services
Experience of using source control systems (git, bitbucket, etc.)
Good written English
Experience with (a big plus):
Experience as a team player
Using phpunit and TDD in development process
Experience in deploying web applications and CI
Experience with AWS Cloud services infrastructure
Spoken English
Experince with Shopify
We offer:
Work in a cool multinational team
Flexible working schedule
Good management
A decent salary level
Professional growth perspective
Paid vacation and sick leave
The perspective of work in Europe (Bulgaria)
Working conditions:Full time work — five days working week, 8 hours a day at the Ukrainian office (Zaporizhzhia) or relocation to Bulgarian office (our company will provide help to get the documents). We consider the candidates from any city in case of possibility to move to Zaporizhzhia or Bulgaria. You can work full time remotely, while the documents will be processed.Please indicate your salary expectations while sending your CV
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Full-stack, PHP, Web developer
ReZet. Запоріжжя.
Laravel, Full Stack, PHP, Web Developer в Flexi IT, 15 000 – 50 000 грн
Черевко А.И., ФЛП. Запоріжжя.
Full-stack Developer (PHP), 27 000 – 60 000 грн
A.C.Alpacentrums LTD (Cyprus). Запоріжжя.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Запоріжжі
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Запоріжжі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста PHP у Запоріжжі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3346949
Тренінги по темі «Full stack developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor