Вакансія: Back-end (PHP) developer, 15 000 – 25 000 грн, компанія Giraffe Software, робота у Дніпрі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Дніпрі
Програміст PHP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 2 березня 2020
Back-end (PHP) developer
15 000 – 25 000 грн · Зависит от уровня специалиста
Giraffe Software
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Дніпро, вулиця Виконкомівська, 12А.
0,6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Olesya Volobueva ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Hi! We are young and rapidly growing Ukrainian software development company and now are looking for a cool PHP developer to join our team. The one, who likes to write code no less than sleep.If this is you — keep on reading!What do we offer:• work in a team of young professionals under the guidance of experienced technical specialists• dynamic work pace, training and development• endorsement for generating ideas and being initiative• the ability to communicate with customers on your own• compensation tied to the dollar rate and every 6 months review• flexible working hours with the ability to work remotely 3 days a month (+ paid vacation and sick leave)• fully equipped workplace in a comfortable office with a breathtaking view to Yekaterinoslavskiy boulevard• and a lot of corporate events, board games and tasty treatsWhat is important to us: • at least 9 months of experience in PHP 5.x/7.x• experience with OOP, MVC• experience in any PHP frameworks PHP (Laravel, Yii, Symfony, Zend etc)• familiar with SQL (MySQL)• good understanding of HTML, CSS, JavaScript (Jquery), AJAX• Pre-intermediate level of English and above (spoken, written)• experience with git• experience with linuxWhat will you do:• working on new and existing international projects• build, debug, refactor and optimize PHP code• participating in daily standups and estimation / planning meeting• solve complex performance problems and architectural challenges• аctively seek to share technical expertise with othersLike a job? Write to us now!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
PHP-программист (Back-end)
Віск. Дніпро.
Middle-Senior PHP (Laravel) back-end разработчик
Insider Group. Дніпро.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Дніпрі
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Back end developer
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Дніпрі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста PHP у Дніпрі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3478077
Тренінги по темі «Back end developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor