Вакансія: PHP Developer, компанія Massmedia Group, робота у Хмельницькому — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Хмельницькому
Програміст PHP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
PHP Developer
Massmedia Group
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Хмельницький, вулиця Бандери, 1/1.
1,5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Right now MassMedia Group is looking for Middle PHP developers. We offer IT-outsourcing services all over the world and give you an opportunity to work on interesting and powerful projects.First of all, we need good, independent specialistsRequirements:
1,5+ years of development experience in PHP
Experience in working with PHP frameworks (Symfony or Laravel).
Good knowledge in MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB (ability to work with complex requests)
Deep knowledge in JavaScript, Angular.js, JQuery
Understanding of HTML5, CSS3, Lass/Sass
Strong OOP, SOLID
Knowledge of Doctrine ORM
Experience in TDD/BDD
Experience in designing data storage schemes
Working with apache, nginx web-servers
Ability to solve architecture tasks
Experience in working with version control systems (Git)
Experience in working with Redis, Memcached
Writing clean code
English (ability to easily read technical documentation in English)
The following will increase your value, as a professional, for us:
Experience in managing a team of developers
Experience in delegating work
Experience working due to Agile methods
Experience in working with different APIs (Amazon, Social networks, etc.)
Node.js, React.js, Ember.js
Knowledge in REST API, PHPUnit
Experience of working with Elasticsearch
Experience in working on high-load projects
Links to repos with your code, and examples of previous works
Responsibilities:
Managing a team of developers
Working with junior developers
Coordinating Codereview
Writing quality and clean code
Taking part in discussions and making decisions regarding architectural solutions
Writing/support of documentation of your projects
We offer:
Salary according to qualifications and experience
Working in a comfortable and roomy office in IT-sector in the city centre
Ability to learn new features and tools as a developer
Corporate English Training
28 days of paid vacation (IT-specialists, due to harmful effects of PC have a right to have 4 extra days of vacation, due to laws of our country)
14 paid days in case of Disability leave
Cheerful company parties. team deathmatches in Counter Strike, or paintball. Or just dominoes :)
For professionals from other towns — help with moving, free realtor services and we pay the first month for your rent.
Join us!https://www.facebook.com/massmediaua/https://www.instagram.com/massmedia_group/Contacts:OleksandrRecruitertel.:
Показати телефон
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Программист PHP, web-разработчик, 10 000 – 20 000 грн
Чеботар, ФОП. Хмельницький.
Програміст PHP
Люкс-Рейзен, каса. Хмельницький.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Хмельницькому
Програміст PHP
PHP developer
Розробник PHP
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Хмельницькому
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста PHP в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3252119
Тренінги по темі «PHP developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor