Вакансія: Middle/Senior PHP developer, компанія Techmedia4u, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Програміст PHP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Middle/Senior PHP developer
Techmedia4u
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
An international software development product company is looking for a Middle/Senior PHP developer.About the project:The online pharmacy is a med e-commerce platform that helps to buy products on prescription, get signed prescription online, order processing, delivery. The platform provides integration with doctors and clients. Requirements:
At least 3 years of experience in PHP developing
Experience with Yii 2 framework
Experience with MySQL, MongoDB
Proficient knowledge of OOP, Design Patterns
Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git
Proficient knowledge of full development cycle
Developing console scripts using PHP
As a plus:
Experience in different PHP frameworks
Experience with JS, jQuery, Bootstrap
Experience in Node.js
Good English
Responsibilities:
Developing back-end part using PHP7 + Yii2
Building reusable code and libraries for future use
Working with database
Developing REST API
Tests implementation using Codeception
Code review and bug fixing
Design and implementation of data storage solutions
Optimization of the application for maximum speed and scalability
Providing security and data protection
Task analysis and estimations
We offer:
Working in a successfully dynamic international company
Competitive salary
Paid sick lists and vacations
Medical insurance
English courses
Flexible work schedule
Work with a professional team
Friendly atmosphere
Corporate events
Cozy office in the city center
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle/Senior PHP Full Stack Developer в платежную организацию, 19 000 – 48 000 грн
Novalnet Technologies LLC. Київ.
Middle/Senior PHP developer, 50 000 грн
Віді. Київ.
Middle/Senior PHP developer
AdAgency, LLC. Київ.
PHP Developer (Senior/Middle)
Brainstack. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Програміст PHP
PHP developer
Розробник PHP
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Back end developer
Back end програміст
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста PHP у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3853102
Тренінги по темі «PHP developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor