Вакансія: Middle PHP developer (Symfony), компанія Bintime, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Програміст PHP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Middle PHP developer (Symfony)
Bintime
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Анна Воронова ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
ABOUT USBINTIME is an IT software development company founded in 2005. During last years about 100 experts joined our company. Operating in 3 cities with the center in the heart of Ukraine we have established mutually beneficial cooperation with partners from the European Union,contributing to their leadership and scoring profitability. Market e-commerce & retail market leaders trust us their business.ABOUT CLIENTA creative technology agency with offices in Dubai, Moscow and Miami that provides tech services for online retailers automating different processes from content creation to content distribution and monitoring.ABOUT PROJECTA new web application that automates the delivery of rich content (it goes about different media formats — pictures with reasons to buy, video, and other content formats) to retailer’s sites. In the project will be a modern technical stack (Symfony/Elastic/MongoDB/RabbitMQ/CDN).REQUIREMENTSMandatory:
2+ years of PHP development experience
Experience with framework (Symfony)
OOP paradigm knowledge
SQL and queries profiling
Key-value storages
Understanding REST API
Unix knowledge
GIT
Good skills in technical English
Will be an advantage:
RabbitMQ
Elasticsearch
MongoDB
Highload experience
Understanding eCommerce
If you come to work with us here is what we’ll do for you:
Competitive salary & career growth opportunities, based on experience and performance;
Dynamic work environment where you can take part in creating the innovative product;
Cozy office near metro station;
Friendly work environment;
International team;
In-house English lessons with a native speaker;
Yoga classes
Paid vacations and sick-leaves;
Corporate events twice per year.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle/Senior PHP Full Stack Developer в платежную организацию, 19 000 – 48 000 грн
Novalnet Technologies LLC. Київ.
Middle/Senior PHP developer
Techmedia4u. Київ.
Middle/Senior PHP developer, 50 000 грн
Віді. Київ.
Middle/Senior PHP developer
AdAgency, LLC. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Програміст PHP
PHP developer
Розробник PHP
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Back end програміст
Back end developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста PHP у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3740795
Тренінги по темі «PHP developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor