Вакансія: PHP Developer (eCommerce Department), компанія Gameloft, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Програміст PHP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
PHP Developer (eCommerce Department)
Gameloft
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Job DescriptionWe are looking for a keen PHP Developer to join our international eCommerce team of the worldwide known video game developer and publisher. You will be working among the professionals to develop and maintain mobile shops where we sell our games.Responsibilities:
Development and support of mobile sites and billing systems according to specifications and respecting the internal rules and best practices.
Commit and follow up on the planning, reporting possible delays and proposing mitigation plans.
Submit clean code that will pass QA tests without major bugs.
Collaboration with various teams across the company in order to gather knowledge and address technical and design requirements;
Suggest solutions to improve the systems.
QualificationsTechnical requirements:
Knowledge of object-oriented development with PHP 7
Understanding of MVC and popular software design patterns
Basic front-end skills, knowledge of JavaScript, HTML and CSS
Knowledge of relational databases, MySQL in particular
Experience with source code management systems such as Git or Subversion
Pre-Intermediate level of English (ability to read/understand technical documentation and communicate in a written form is a must)
Would be a plus:
Knowledge of NoSQL databases, Redis in particular
Experience of implementing responsive web based designs
Personality traits:
Independent and with a can-do, solution oriented attitude
Good logic and analytical skills
Ability to deal with routine tasks
Ability to sustain quality work under pressure
Benefits:
Join a leading global mobile and video games publisher and developer utilizing the state-of-art mobile technologies and devices;
Become a part of the talented international team in a friendly, creative and dynamic environment;
Become a true pro in the fast-growing, exciting and innovative video games industry;
Be proud to deliver the prestigious products winning the top rankings worldwide;
Enjoy the exiting life of Gameloft with corporate trips, sponsored team building and other joyful events;
Build up your career with dynamic promotions and world wide opportunities.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
ECommerce PHP Middle/Senior Developer
Gameloft. Харків.
PHP/CMS developer
NIX Solutions. Харків.
PHP developer
Ronis. Харків.
Junior PHP developer
NIX Solutions. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Програміст PHP
PHP developer
Розробник PHP
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Back end програміст
Back end developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста PHP у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/1966134
Тренінги по темі «PHP developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor