Вакансія: Senior PHP Backend Developer (Laravel, Symfony, Lumen) in Kyiv, компанія Investors in Ideas Ltd, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Програміст PHP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Senior PHP Backend Developer (Laravel, Symfony, Lumen) in Kyiv
Above average
Investors in Ideas Ltd
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, шукаємо у Львові
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Опис вакансії
Investors in Ideas Ltd based in London for 9 years with representative office in New York and development centers in Europe, with a history of excellence, is currently recruiting those who can continue this tradition, by building innovative software products and technology platforms that are empowering and intuitive. We are an own-product company developing an integrated super app marketplace, a Global e-Commerce & messaging platform. We are recruiting in Kiev, Lviv and Prague (and coming soon in Dnipro)to bring our team up to strength.We are looking for a skilled PHP Laravel developer to join our backend development team in our offices in the centres of Kiev or Lviv. You will develop backend solutions and RESTful interfaces for our applications. This position involves working in our office full time. We need not just any developer but an experienced developer who would manage and implement the platform for continuous development,integration, testing, deployment and further monitoring on a long term scale. Project InformationWe are currently working on the creation of an international commercial platform that provides not only the ability to place ads, but also an expanded set of functions for business users, including a multi-channel inventory management system. The functions also include a wallet, a messenger, an affiliate program with remuneration etc. The service will provide both web-based interfaces and mobile applications for end users. The project is currently at the prototype stage.Duties• Offer architectural and structural solutions for the project, as well as implement them.• Refactor and restructure existing components.• Rewrite components from scratch when appropriate.• Develop and implement new features.• Provide code coverage with automatic testsNo work in frontend direction! Technological stack• AWS• Linux• PHP7, Laravel• Node.js (messenger server)• Java (mailing list)• MySQL• ElasticSearch• ClickHouseExperience required• Development in PHP / Laravel• Serious level of knowledge in the field of relational databases• Work with NOSQL databases• Implementation of complex business logic• Implementing your own RESTful interfaces • Extracting data from external resources (website scraping)• Integration of payment systemsWe offer• Reward above average• Regular review of remuneration• Bonus after successful commercial launch We require some level of written English. An average level of spoken English is welcome, but not required.Looking forward to receiving your resume!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior PHP Developer (Laravel), 51 000 – 78 000 грн
Askep.net. Львів.
Middle PHP developer (Laravel), 30 000 – 43 000 грн
Askep.net. Львів.
Senior PHP Developer
Artelogic. Львів.
Middle/Senior backend developer (Node.js)
Indeema Software Inc.. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Програміст PHP
PHP developer
Розробник PHP
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Back end програміст
Back end developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста PHP у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3594669
Тренінги по темі «PHP developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor