Вакансія: Marketing Growth Hacker, 12 500 – 28 000 грн, компанія Rioks, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 1 березня 2020
Marketing Growth Hacker
12 500 – 28 000 грн
Rioks
Група компаній;
10–50 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Сербська.
0,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Are you an aspiring Marketing Growth Hacker looking for an opportunity to take on new challenges and advance your career?If you are an enthusiastic leader with the ability to balance big-picture thinking with deep-dive research and attention to detail, Rioks has the perfect job for you!We are looking for a Marketing Growth Hacker to join our marketing consultancy and take on full responsibility for driving bottom-line growth by bringing challenging ideas and marketing campaigns that drive clients brands, products and business objectives.Marketing Growth Hacker duties and responsibilities
Collaborate with channel-specific marketing teammates (content, SEO, blogging, email, social media, etc.) to identify areas for growth
Test and optimize marketing tactics for customer acquisition (e.g. online advertising, inbound, affiliate) and conversion rate optimization
Conduct and present competitive analyses and market research
Translate ideas to actionable items that deliver business results
Analyze, recommend and lead the implementation of improvement initiatives
Keep abreast with the latest trends and changes in UI/UX and digital marketing
Identify industry trends and insights
Marketing Growth Hacker qualifications and requirements
Previous working experience as a Marketing Growth Hacker for 2 years
In-depth knowledge of SEO factors and key algorithm updates
Applicable knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and jQuery
Hands-on experience with web analytics and A/B testing tools
Domain expertise in UI/UX best practices
Outstanding analytical and problem-solving skills
High standards of excellence and attention to detail
Please apply only if you are fluent in English and willing to work full-time from our office in Lviv city centre.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Digital-маркетолог
Jador. Львів.
Асистент маркетолога
Medicover. Львів.
Маркетолог, 5 000 – 15 000 грн
Галпрогрес. Львів.
Digital marketing manager
N-iX. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3841539
Тренінги по темі «Marketing Growth Hacker»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor