Вакансія: Младший email-маркетолог, 15 000 – 20 000 грн, компанія EPC Network, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Маркетолог
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Младший email-маркетолог
15 000 – 20 000 грн
EPC Network
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, Yevhena Konovaltsia Street, 44.
3,1 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
Hello the best and most talented people!We are successful American company with the head office in California. Also have office in Poland and now expanded our horizons and opened a cool office in Kiev. Our main direction in Kiev is Digital Marketing. We value people and corporate culture most of all and creating a team of devoted, smart, energetic people with striking personalities who want to grow professionally and build their career in a fast growing international company. We believe that a great Team makes the company successful. We are offering you an opportunity to grow and learn with us in the field of digital marketing. If you have a good experience in Digital Marketing, Email Marketing or have no experience at all and want to start your career in this field from the scratch, we would be happy to meet you for a job interview for Junior Email Specialist position and find out if we are good match for each other:)What we require from you:
Good English knowledge (starting from Upper Intermediate)
Be a fast learner
Be super responsible
Be motivated and enthusiastic
Experience in digital marketing will be a huge plus
Ability to work full time in the office (11 am-7pm)
What you will do:
Work with Senior Marketing Managers ensuring smooth processes of Email Marketing using different relevant tools
Work across multi-channel marketing group on robust and comprehensive lifecycle Email Marketing strategies
Assist the Email Marketing Director in creating email templates, uploading the content and sending broadcast emails to subscribers & creating eye-catchy newsletters funnels
WHAT IT MEANS TO BE PART OF OUR TEAM:
Challenging tasks for you to battle and sharpen your skills
Long-term career opportunities with dynamically developing company
Cool modern office in the center (Pechersk) with a magnificent view from 26−27 floors
20 paid vacation days & 7 paid sick leaves
We say «Yes» to chilling (parties, team-building, events)
Coffee, tea, Red Bull, sweets, fruits and more snacks
If you prove to be a great professional and team player within first months of work, we will give you salary raise with pleasure. With us you will get challenging job and tasks, career opportunities in successful American company, ability to earn and environment for efficient work! Don’t hesitate to contact us ASAP!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Email-маркетолог
Инфо сорс, ООО. Київ.
Email-маркетолог, 20 000 грн
Moneyveo. Київ.
Email-маркетолог
Maxi Group International. Київ.
Email-маркетолог, 20 000 грн
Osiris Unlimited. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Інтернет-маркетолог
Менеджер з реклами
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата маркетолога у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3852115
Гарячі вакансії
Интернет-маркетолог.
25 000 – 30 000 грн.*
Время Газа. Київ.
Market Research Analyst.
Київстар. Київ.
Маркетолог.
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Маркетолог-аналітик.
StarLightMedia. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Маркетолог»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor