Вакансія: Head of marketing, компанія Squro, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Руководитель отдела маркетинга
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Head of marketing
Squro
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, бульвар Лесі Українки, 26.
2,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Опис вакансії
Responsibilities:
Create and optimize marketing strategy based on the business goals of the company to promote its products;
Manage the marketing team, organize business processes within the department and its cooperation with other departments of the company;
Search for new channels to attract a targeted audience and develop them;
Conduct market and competitive research, analyze customers' demands and behavior;
Take part in product development and improvement;
Organize and conduct various promotional activities and events with further marketing support;
Create the system to analyze and control the results of the marketing team activities;
Provide periodic reports on the efficiency of different promotion channels;
Initiate ad improve report automation;
Perform budget planning and control its implementation;
Search for and start efficient cooperation with external marketing vendors.
Requirements:
At least 3 years of successful experience in the digital marketing sphere that can be confirmed by certain results: audience growth, conversions increase, etc.
Advanced English level both verbal and written;
Experience in creating and managing successful marketing strategy;
Having practical and theoretical knowledge of working with various digital marketing channels;
Management experience: staff recruitment, target-setting, and monitoring, result analysis, business processes development;
Extensive marketing and product knowledge;
Deep understanding of reporting and analysis tools, skill to consolidate data from various sources;
Working with the latest analytical and marketing automation software and services;
Analytical thinking, making decisions based on the received data with a positive impact on the marketing performance of the company;
Knowledge of the budgeting principles;
Strong presentation skills to share personal and team results;
Being results-oriented, responsible and creative, having a high level of self-organization.
Will be a plus:
Experience of working with FinTech sphere;
Experience of working with foreign markets;
Managing the entry into new markets;
Experience of cooperation with remote/foreign employees;
CPA channel development.
We offer:
Working for a dynamically growing company with a promising area;
United and a highly skilled team and a friendly working atmosphere;
The real opportunity for professional and self-improvement;
Challenging but exciting tasks;
Normalized 8-hour working day, keeping staff holiday and sickness system;
Compensation for visiting a gym and learning English expenses;
Opportunity to attend professional conferences and seminars financed by the company;
Furnished and light office in the center of the city (near Pecherskaya subway station);
Some additional corporate pros (fruits, yogurts, juice and etc.) :)
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Директор отдела маркетинга, 20 000 – 40 000 грн
Global Furniture Group. Київ.
Директор по маркетингу, 37 500 грн
Live Animations Corp.. Київ.
Руководитель отдела маркетинга
Simmetria. Київ.
Заступник директора з маркетингу
Доминос Пицца Юкрейн. Київ.
Head of digital marketing
Wingo. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Директор з маркетингу
Начальник відділу
Керівник відділу
Заступник начальника відділу
Head of marketing
Вакансії в категоріях
Адмiнiстрацiя, керівництво середньої ланки
Топ-менеджмент, керівництво вищої ланки
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата руководителя отдела маркетинга у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3505499
Гарячі вакансії
Специалист по управленческому учету (маркетинг).
WOG. Київ.
Управляющий СТО.
25 000 грн.
Время Газа. Київ.
Ветеринарный врач-серолог, заведующий лабораторией.
12 500 грн.*
Евровет, ООО. Київ.
Адміністратор медичного центру, реєстратор медичний.
10 000 – 13 000 грн.*
Dream’s step, медичний центр реабілітації. Київ.
Начальник цеха по переработке продукции (с. Шпитьки).
Дінбо, ТОВ. Київ.
Маркетолог-аналітик.
StarLightMedia. Київ.
Администратор салона красоты.
8 000 – 10 000 грн.*
Kensho, салон красоты. Київ.
Заступник керуючого магазину (Борщагівка).
Фора, ТОВ. Київ.
Завідувач складом.
15 000 грн.*
Грин, группа компаний (Грин Трейд, Ла-Кондитерра). Київ.
Сценарист игр.
Voki Games. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Head of marketing»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor