Вакансія: Digital Marketing Manager, компанія Wildix, робота в Одесі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
в Одесі
Digital-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Digital Marketing Manager
Wildix
IT
Одеса
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Опис вакансії
The Wildix marketing team is expanding to help fuel the ongoing growth of the business. We’re looking for a Digital Marketing Manager to plan and execute a wide variety of digital campaigns drive brand recognition and pipeline generation.In this role, you will drive Wildix’s online and paid marketing efforts on channels like SEO, SEM, Display, and paid Social. You will grow our current campaigns, and explore new opportunities to bring in users. You should have a track record of acquiring new users in a cost-effective way, while maintaining a great ROI. We are looking for a scrappy marketer who can think all the way from strategy to execution in a high growth environment. The ideal candidate enjoys both the creative and analytical aspects of driving world class campaigns. You must have a growth mindset, and a constant desire to scale your campaigns and budgets while meeting or beating ROI targets.Responsibilities:
Understand the target market and map their needs into marketing campaigns
Create and implement keyword and content strategies, perform link building, eliminate technical debt, increase ranking in the most important search engines
Build and manage paid user acquisition campaigns on Adwords, Display, Facebook, Linkedin and other channels
Create, A/B test optimize landing pages, squeeze pages, banners, copy and all web-based elements to improve conversions, page consumption and engagement
Deliver and grow best-in-class acquisition campaigns, user engagement, tracking and reporting capabilities
Manage channel budgets and tactics to meet ROI growth targets
Create insightful and timely reporting to guide future improvements and optimizations
A successful candidate must have the following characteristics:
3−5 years of experience with a proven track record of marketing success and performance in a B2B, through scaling paid media campaign
5+ experience in the marketing campaign creation (Marketing automation, SEO, AdWords, Social media selling)
SalesForce experience
Experience managing paid advertising budgets, tools and resources (including external agencies)
Creative problem-solver and analytical thinker and metrics-driven; ability to drive insights and trends from data
Understanding of marketing ROI and how to calculate profitability based on CPI, CPC, CPM investment
Deep knowledge of tracking links, pixels, and marketing attribution
Ability to demonstrate leadership, initiative, motivation, and a track record of «get it done»
Entrepreneurial spirit with the ability to thrive and multi-task in a fast-paced environment
Coding knowledge, website analytics proficiency
BA/BS degree.
We Offer:
Paid lunch and vacations;
Possibility to travel for business to countries;
Working hours: Monday through Friday, 10am- 7pm (lunch break: 2pm-3pm).
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Digital marketing manager
Південний, акціонерний банк. Одеса.
Интернет-маркетолог (Digital), маркетинг-менеджер, 25 000 грн
Anma. Одеса.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади в Одесі
Інтернет-маркетолог
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Digital Manager
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота в Одесі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата digital-менеджера в Одесі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3839310
Тренінги по темі «Digital Manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor