Вакансія: Digital marketing manager, компанія N-iX, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Digital-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Digital marketing manager
N-iX
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Львів
Повна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
N-iX is determined to keep on growing. So, Marketing is looking for a passionate, driven Digital Marketing Manager with hands-on experience in running CPC campaigns to help with that. If you are a self-starter always looking for new challenges and you have a get-things-done approach to work, we are looking for you.Main Responsibilities:
Develop and execute marketing campaigns tailored to multiple segments of customers
Partner across teams to deliver work on-time and on-budget
Collaborate with internal and external teams to execute from concept to development
Develop and execute test plans to refine messaging and drive lift
Apply best practices to determine opportunities to improve the customer experience
The ideal candidate will have:
Understanding of media including display remarketing
Hands-on experience in launching and managing CPC campaigns will be a plus
Ability to work both independently and to collaborate in a team
Strong quantitative, analytical, and problem-solving skills
Interest in and proven ability to quickly learn new and apply it to business needs
Demonstrated ability to prioritize multiple projects with great attention to detail
Demonstrated ability to work independently and autonomously
Pushes for the best customer experience and business results
Highly collaborative with an affinity for building relationships across teams
We offer:
18 business days of payable annual free-time
10 days of paid sick leave
Competitive compensation package
Medical Insurance
IT Club Discount program
Professional growth:
Challenging and non-standard tasks and projects
Individual Development Plan
Fun:
Team buildings
Corporate events and outstanding parties
Anniversary presents
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Digital-маркетолог
Jador. Львів.
Sales Manager (Digital Marketing company)
Rioks. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Інтернет-маркетолог
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Digital Manager
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата digital-менеджера у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3815156
Тренінги по темі «Digital Manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor