Вакансія: Search Engine Marketing Director, компанія Mobilunity, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Директор з маркетингу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Search Engine Marketing Director
Mobilunity
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Дмитрівська, 92-94.
2,6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Mobilunity is a provider of dedicated development teams aiming to bring European corporate culture to the Ukrainian IT-labor market. Throughout all the years of our existence and until now, we’ve been working hand in hand with European companies as our primary partners.By our own example, we are proving that the dedicated team model works the best in all directions including employee’s interests as people have always been our main asset. Joining Mobilunity you won’t ever feel alone.Our team keeps on growing and now we need one more amazing person to join us as a full-time: Search Engine Marketing Director.Requirements:
At least 3 years of hands-on experience in English-speaking SEO, covering all stages of a project from planning, budgeting to continuous performance improvement;
Ability to execute the SEO strategy provided by the top level management, as well as proactively suggest own changes to it;
Kaizen approach to all activities within the department, readiness to work on continuous improvement of all aspects;
Manage and supervise the SEO team (currently 10 people);
Good communication skills to manage inter-department projects;
Ability to think creatively and see new business opportunities;
Budget-management skills and proficiency;
Analytical skills to forecast and identify trends and challenges;
Familiarity with the latest trends, tools, best practices and methodologies in Search Engine Marketing;
Previous experience in IT/software/Technology and B2B sector would be a benefit.
Responsibilities:
Define and implement the SEO strategy;
Running several SEO projects for different geographies (work with more than 1 website);
Optimizing the quality of incoming organic traffic based on permanent analysis of inbound leads;
Permanent work on extending our semantic core and improving our ranking;
Define, set the process of measurement and improvement for the KPIs on own teams;
Daily work with the SEO team, optimizing performance of each team member;
Managing budgets and reporting on the effectiveness of campaigns;
Working closely with PR and Business Development Team to support sales process and overall marketing message we as the Company broadcast.
Joining the team you will get:
The friendliest community of like-minded IT-people
Open knowledge-sharing environment — exclusive access to a rich pool of colleagues willing to share their endless insights into the broadest variety of modern technologies
Paid vacations and sick leaves, including 5 paid days per year that don’t require a sick note
Fair salary and 100% taxes coverage — don’t worry about possible taxes raise — we will get you covered ;)
Perfect office location: city-center, 900m from Lukyanivska metro station, a green and spacious neighborhood with lots of cafes and supermarkets nearby
No open-spaces setup — separate rooms for every team’s comfort and multiple lounge and gaming zones on all of the 3 floors;
English classes in 1-to-1 group modes with elements of gamification
Neverending fun: sports events, tournaments, music band, multiple affinity groups
Come on board, and let’s grow together! :)
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
CMO/Senior Digital Marketing Manager, 45 000 – 60 000 грн
Payphone X. Київ.
CMO/Marketing Director
Osiris Unlimited. Київ.
Head of marketing
Squro. Київ.
Маркетинг-директор, 25 000 грн
Face lab by dr. Bilous. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Директор з маркетингу
Начальник відділу
Керівник відділу
Заступник начальника відділу
Marketing director
Вакансії в категоріях
Топ-менеджмент, керівництво вищої ланки
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата директора з маркетингу у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3843688
Тренінги по темі «Marketing director»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor