Вакансія: Market Research Analyst, компанія Київстар, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст з дослідження ринку
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Гаряча вакансія
Market Research Analyst
Київстар
· VIP
Телекомунікації, зв'язок;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Дегтярівська, 53.
6,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Kyivstar, part of Vimpelcom Group, extends the commercial analysis team.Main responsibilities will include:
Lead multiple research projects on a day-to-day basis
Identify opportunities for development of research process and making it valuable in strategic decision making
Ensure implementation of the market research plan
Manage briefing of internal clients, effective questionnaire design, data analysis, data visualization, report preparation and presentations to ensure objectives are met and meaningful insights are produced
Interact on a frequent basis with internal clients and external research agencies
Support procurement process ensuring strong financial discipline and accurate budgeting
Provide ongoing internal clients support, including survey methodology, interpretation and analysis.
Streamline comprehensive management reporting of findings and solutions from research deliverables in a concise and easy-to-understand manner
Ideal candidate will meet following requirements:
Higher Education in Social Science
At least 3−4 years in research agency, Market Intelligence/Business Development/Strategic Planning/Research departments of telecom and/or FMCG companies
Strong analytical and visualization skills, deep knowledge of statistical analysis
Advanced English, PowerPoint and Excel, intermediate SPSS
Responsible, strong negotiation, interpersonal, managerial and communication skills, people management
Working at VEON demands a high standard of business ethics and adherence to our legal obligations, our values and our Code of Conduct and supporting compliance policies and procedures. Our pioneering spirit is embodied in our values to be customer obsessed, entrepreneurial, innovative, collaborative, and truthful. Being truthful requires us to act ethically, honestly, and with integrity.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Marketing manager, 20 000 грн
Lazarev.Agency. Київ.
Marketing controlling specialist, economist
Artcom venture GmbH. Київ.
Marketing Manager, 10 000 – 20 000 грн
Эко Жека, ООО. Київ.
Помощница маркетолога, менеджер рекламных аккаунтов Facebook, 20 000 грн
IQ Top. Київ.
Менеджер по маркетингу
СВП Мастер, ООО. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Інтернет-маркетолог
Менеджер з реклами
Market research analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста з дослідження ринку у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3858826
Гарячі вакансії
Аналитик.
Rost Group. Київ.
Сценарист игр.
Voki Games. Київ.
SMM-менеджер.
Столичная Ювелирная Фабрика. Київ.
Интернет-маркетолог.
25 000 – 30 000 грн.*
Время Газа. Київ.
Content QC, text quality controller, editor.
Master Call LLC. Київ.
Фахівець з внутрішніх комунікацій.
Фора, ТОВ. Київ.
Маркетолог-аналітик.
StarLightMedia. Київ.
Маркетолог.
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Специалист по управленческому учету (маркетинг).
WOG. Київ.
Менеджер проектов в благотворительный фонд.
63 000 грн.*
Правэкс, ООО. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor