Вакансія: Marketing Manager, Junior media buyer (English), 16 900 – 18 000 грн, компанія Івед, ТОВ, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Marketing manager
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Marketing Manager, Junior media buyer (English)
16 900 – 18 000 грн · Включая бонусы
Івед, ТОВ
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, проспект Валерія Лобановського, 72.
4,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Eveed is looking for a driven, enthusiastic and highly-ambitious Junior Media Buyer!Preferred Experience:
Creativity, excellent writing & communication skills;
English (upper-intermediate and higher)
basic Photoshop
a hard-working person with a marvelous sense of humor
desire and willingness to develop in the field of digital advertising;
Being proactive, infinitely curious, and ambitious to test as many ideas as possible;
Your responsibilities will include:
Researching and analyzing creative strategies and tactics across niche;
Improving the existing creative concepts and coming up with the new ones;
Managing basic ad campaigns on social media advertising channels;
Analyzing the performance of ads campaigns together with our media buyers
Passion for continuous improvement and learning
Want to work with us?
If you like to play hard and work hard then you are a right candidate for us! Please send us your CV
We offer: Gross salary 14.000 hryvnia plus monthly bonuses team bonus from euro 100 & up plus individual bonus euro 100 for 1 successful angle
Ukrainian labor legislation guarantees, Annual paid vacations (24 days)
A growing, dynamic International company and friendly team (based in Kiev
72 — Lobanovskyi Valerii Avenue and Amsterdam)
A friendly & creative atmosphere and the space to pursue your ideas
Regular projects and international training
Paid lunches, tasty coffee, and regular team events for team-building
You are the ideal candidate for us if:
You enjoy working with social networks
You are creative and have a positive attitude and great team spirit!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Junior Marketing Specialist (Outreach)
Mobilunity. Київ.
Internet marketing specialist, junior media buyer, 16 900 – 18 000 грн
Івед, ТОВ. Київ.
Internet marketing specialist, junior media buyer, 16 900 – 18 000 грн
Івед, ТОВ. Київ.
Media Buyer junior
Techmedia4u. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Інтернет-маркетолог
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing manager
Вакансії в категоріях
Продаж, закупівля
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата marketing manager у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3844044
Гарячі вакансії
Интернет-маркетолог.
25 000 – 30 000 грн.*
Время Газа. Київ.
Маркетолог.
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Market Research Analyst.
Київстар. Київ.
Маркетолог-аналітик.
StarLightMedia. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Marketing manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor