Вакансія: ECommerce Marketing Manager, компанія ProSteer Group, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Marketing manager
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
ECommerce Marketing Manager
ProSteer Group
Група компаній;
50–250 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Донецька, 8.
1,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
ProSteer Group focuses on e-commerce, digital marketing, selling niche engineering equipment online and offline, IT projects, web design, hardware and software development.Currently, we are looking for an individual sharing our vision that marketplaces drive modern e-commerce or the one who knows who Jeff Bezos is J KEY RESPONSIBILITIES
Develop marketing strategy and oversee execution to marketplaces share and revenue growth
Develop and manage marketing planning and budgeting in collaboration with PM to provide accurate and predictable growth
Plan, develop and launch regular marketplace advertising campaigns in collaboration with other departments
Perform market research to understand trends, gaps and growth opportunities on marketplaces
Collaborate with IT department to maximize business impact
REQUIREMENTS
At least 0,5 years of digital marketing experience
Experience in B2B marketing, preferably e-commerce
Upper-Intermediate English (written and spoken)
«Can do» attitude
pro-active, self-motivated and able to take responsibility
good communication and analytical skills
Experience at managing campaigns with high budgets and international markets
WILL BE A PLUS
Experience in eCommerce platforms (marketplaces) (Amazon, eBay, Rozetka and so on)
WE OFFER
Long-term employment with annual paid vacation (20 working days) and paid sick leave
Steady job opportunity with various possibilities for professional growth and advancement
Flexible working hours
Numerous possibilities to improve your skills within ProSteer Corporate University, paid external educational programs, workshops, training, etc.
Language classes (Polish, Spanish, and English)
Spacious office with green garden, relax zone and a playground
Work-rest balance support (yoga, massage, etc.)
Secure car and bike parking place
Welcome to our professional team. Get into ProSteer :) https://prosteergroup.com/en/
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Digital-маркетолог
Jador. Львів.
Асистент маркетолога
Medicover. Львів.
Маркетолог, 5 000 – 15 000 грн
Галпрогрес. Львів.
Digital marketing manager
N-iX. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Інтернет-маркетолог
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing manager
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата marketing manager у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3811515
Тренінги по темі «Marketing manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor