Вакансія: Marketing Compliance Officer, компанія Amazing Apps, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Marketing Compliance Officer
Amazing Apps · VIP
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Новокостянтинівська, 18В.
4,7 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We are currently looking for a Marketing Compliance Officer, who will guide the product marketing team, thereby helping to achieve results and avoiding or mitigating risk exposure due to marketing activities.What you will do:
Review and approval of marketing materials, content, websites, and apps for compliance with the partners' policies
Written and oral communication on compliance-related issues with the company’s strategic partners (Facebook, Google, Apple etc.)
Preparation of legal advice & legal opinion and providing legal support on marketing compliance-related legal requests
Providing subject matter expertise and counsel to manage marketing compliance activities
Amending existing marketing compliance policies to reflect lessons learned and control gaps in risks assessments and internal audits
Devising internal marketing compliance audit recommendations and monitoring their implementation
Presenting marketing compliance trainings in the Company
Providing suggestions on the improvement of user experience across all company products
Requirements:
1−2 years of relevant experience in law/compliance (including experience in a top law firm, IT or other business operating internationally)
Experience in legal advice & legal opinion preparation and delivery
At least Upper-Intermediate oral and written English
Fast learner
Highly motivated and result-oriented
Analytical mindset
A keen eye for detail
Ability to stand ground
Ability to take business-oriented decisions
Flexibility and a curious mind
Strong oral and written communication skills
Excellent research skills
Ownership and proactiveness
Hands-on attitude
Would be a plus:
Master’s degree issued by an EU/USA university or international courses/certifications completed
Participation in moot courts & other legal-related competitions
Erasmus Mundus/exchange studies/studies abroad
We offer:
Fair compensation that allows employees to focus on project development and their professional growth
Professional growth: lectures and seminars, access to literature and materials, paid training and courses outside the company
Comfortable working conditions: an office with all modern conveniences (including free lunches and snacks, game rooms, and many other amenities)
Corporate and team-building events, where we celebrate the successes and achievements of our teams and the company
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Marketing manager, 20 000 грн
Lazarev.Agency. Київ.
Marketing controlling specialist, economist
Artcom venture GmbH. Київ.
Marketing Manager, 10 000 – 20 000 грн
Эко Жека, ООО. Київ.
Помощница маркетолога, менеджер рекламных аккаунтов Facebook, 20 000 грн
IQ Top. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3814046
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor