Вакансія: DevOps Engineer (Gambling), компанія Sigma Software, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
DevOps engineer
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 14 лютого 2020
DevOps Engineer (Gambling)
Sigma Software
· VIP
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Ярославська, 58.
2,5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
We are looking for a team of DevOps Engineers to automate our customer’s processes. You will be a separate team from Sigma Software side, working on a scope of tasks together with a team from the customer side.The customer is global leader in gaming. It enables players to experience their favorite games across all channels and regulated segments, from Gaming Machines to Lotteries to Interactive. There is a local presence in more than 100 countries around the world, and create value by adhering to the highest standards of service, integrity, and responsibility.Responsibilities:At this project we are in a phase to establish CI and CD processes for Bingo, Poker, Lotteries and other products for our customers. First of all it is related to build and deployment procedures, but in general, it covers the whole process of customization products and integration with other systems; setup integration, UAT, stage and production environments; tuning solution performance.Requirements:
Strong experience with CI/CD methodologies: Maven, Jenkins (DSL, job, pipelines), Ansible
Hands-on experience with VCS technologies: GIT, SVN
Strong scripting skills (Bash, Python, Perl)
Solid foundation in Linux and networks administration and troubleshooting
Good knowledge and understanding in the area of the web- and app- technology/servers (Apache, Nginx, Tomcat, JBOSS)
Understanding of network services like TLS/SSL, HTTP/HTTPS, DNS and network fundamentals like subnetting, routing, firewalls, DHCP
Knowledge of Java programming languages is a plus
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle Java Developer (System for responsible gaming)
Sigma Software. Київ.
Системный администратор, 10 000 – 25 000 грн
Суперадмин. Київ.
Системний адміністратор, інженер-електрик
Гранд Тесла, ТОВ. Київ.
Системный администратор
IT-Star. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Системний адміністратор
Системний інженер
Інженер комп'ютерних систем
System administrator
DevOps engineer
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата DevOps engineer у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3803327
Гарячі вакансії
System administrator.
25 000 – 30 000 грн.
Mountain Track. Київ.
Системный администратор, специалист технической поддержки.
14 000 грн.*
Hostlife. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor