Вакансія: Creative Analyst (Scandinavian languages) for CNET Content Solutions, компанія Ciklum, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 14 лютого 2020
Creative Analyst (Scandinavian languages) for CNET Content Solutions
Ciklum
· VIP
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Харків
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
On behalf of CNET Content Solutions, Ciklum is looking for a Creative Analyst (Scandinavian languages) to join Kharkiv team on a full-time basis.CNET Content Solutions (www.cnetcontentsolutions.com) is the world’s leading independent source of product information. With detailed content on more than 13 million technology products in 15 languages, CNET Content Solutions helps thousands of resellers and retailers convert shoppers into buyers every day. From standardized content delivery to hosted services and custom solutions, we empower businesses of all sizes to maximize the value of product information to improve their customer experience and bottom line. We work with more than 2,100 e-commerce partners, including CDW, Computacenter, Dabs.com, Dell, Hewlett-Packard, Insight, Microsoft, OfficeMax, PC World Business, and Tech Data.Responsibilities:
Searching and editing of marketing text information in European languages;
Timely production plan execution.
Requirements:
2 foreign languages: English and Swedish or Norwegian;
Grammar and stylistics of the foreign languages;
Methods of editing of text and informational materials;
Methods of information processing using modern technologies;
Knowledge and ability to analyze technical information in the following fields: computers,
consumer electronics and office products;
Good Internet searching skills;
Employment type: full-time (five-day working week, morning shift (7:00 — 15:00) OR evening shift (15:00—23:00)).
What’s in it for you?
Variety of knowledge sharing, training and self-development opportunities
State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions
About Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Content Analyst for CNET CS
Ciklum. Харків.
Контент-менеджер, аналитик, 13 000 грн
Аналитика IT. Харків.
Business Analyst в Киев, 10 000 – 25 000 грн
Sirotina Personnel. Харків.
Business Analyst, Team manager
NIX. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Data scientist
Аналітик
Analyst
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Technical writer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата аналітика у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3484381
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor