Вакансія: Customer support representative, компанія Кваліті Юніт Україна, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст техпідтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Гаряча вакансія
Customer support representative
Кваліті Юніт Україна
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, Кловський узвіз, 7.
1,7 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
Please send a CV in EnglishJob description, responsibilities and dutiesAt QualityUnit our #1 mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to delight and enrich the lives of our customers by providing awesome customer service. If you have a passion and curiosity for IT and want to use English on daily basis, we invite you to join our fast growing helpdesk team.What you’ll be doing:• Communicate daily with customers via chat, tickets, e-mails, and forums• Identify and analyze their issues and offer the right solutions• Provide sale information and technical support for our products :LiveAgent http://www.liveagent.comPost Affiliate Pro https://www.postaffiliatepro.com• Closely cooperate with developers and suggest improvements• Make customers happyEmployee perks, benefits• Friendly organization culture & atmosphere• Office close to Metro station for easy access• Ability to work Home Office on Weekends & Night shiftsInformation about the selection processTo apply for this position, please send us your CV and a short cover letter describing your motivation to work in customer service and for our company.We would like to thank all the applicants for their interest. We will contact only candidates who match a profile we are looking for. Thank you for your understanding.Requirements for the employeeCandidates with any of the following education suit the positionSecondary with a school-leaving examinationFollow-up/Higher Professional EducationUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)University education (Master's degree)Postgraduate (Doctorate)Educational SpecializationIT preferred, not necessaryLanguage skillsEnglish — intermediate level of English or higherOther language knowledge is a plus.Computer skillsHTML — basicWeb — ability to look for answers online and put them in usePersonality requirements and skills• You are confident in your English skills• Another foreign language is a plus• You are not afraid of learning new things• You are a master of polite communication• Willingness to work weekends, holidays and night shifts (According to a pre-defined schedule. No overtimes.)A brief description of the companyQuality Unit is a software development company started in 2004 with the head office in Bratislava, Slovakia. Our products LiveAgent and Post Affiliate Pro are used by thousands of customers across the world ranging from 1-man-operations to corporations like Huawei, BMW, Yamaha or O2. We are looking for a new colleague to join our support team in Kiev, Ukraine.To better understand who we are and what we are doinghttp://www.qualityunit.com/
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Technical Support Engineer
Pragmatic Play Ukraine LLC. Київ.
Инженер технической поддержки, 15 000 грн
Smart touch POS. Київ.
Специалист технической поддержки 1С в Полтаву, 2 000 грн
Бейкень Энергетика Украина, ООО. Київ.
Инженер технической поддержки, 15 000 грн
Антенор. Київ.
Інженер з технічної підтримки та супроводження
Банкомзв'язок, АТ. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Спеціаліст технічної підтримки
Customer support specialist
Менеджер по роботі з замовниками
Спеціаліст підтримки користувачів
Спеціаліст техпідтримки
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Клієнт-менеджер
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста техпідтримки у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3822990
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер проекта.
Аква-Родос. Київ.
Facebook-таргетолог.
Lime Consulting. Київ.
Оператор контакт-центру Glovo.
11 000 – 12 500 грн.*
Global Bilgi. Київ.
Руководитель отдела информационной поддержки.
18 000 – 25 000 грн.
Smart Solutions. Київ.
Специалист по работе с задолженностью, коллектор (call-центр, soft-collection).
20 000 грн.
Фактор, коллекторское агентство. Київ.
PHP developer.
UMG (United marketing group). Київ.
Junior SEO Specialist.
DexDigital. Київ.
Слесарь-сборщик, монтажник РЭА.
Sempal. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами, оператор call-центра.
15 000 грн.*
Директ-Телеком-Сервис, ООО. Київ.
Оператор техподдержки (английский язык, call-центр).
13 000 грн.
Benish GPS. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor