Вакансія: Data Engineer (Java), компанія Beetroot, робота в Одесі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
в Одесі
Java engineer
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 13 лютого 2020
Data Engineer (Java)
Beetroot · VIP
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Одеса
Повна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
We are looking for an experienced Data Engineer to work in our Odesa team for full-time bases.You will work with our client — a Swedish company that provides Internet professionals with services within Domain Software, SEO Hosting, Diversified IPs and Internet Data. The company is funded and managed by Internet entrepreneurs. They are a company that is in the absolute cutting edge when it comes to wholesale traffic markets, with a focus on companies in the SEO, affiliate and domain industry.Our work model gives you the opportunity to communicate directly with the client and be a part of the Beetroot team, at the same time.Responsibilities
Build distributed, high-volume data pipelines
Do it with Hadoop/Spark/Storm/Flink and other open-source technologies
Own meaningful parts of our service, have an impact, grow with the company.
What we’re looking for
3 years of relevant experience
You have built and operated data pipelines for real customers in production systems
You are fluent in several programming languages (JVM and otherwise)
You enjoy wrangling huge amounts of data and exploring new data sets
You value code simplicity and performance
Good level of English (both spoken and written)
You love borsch!
Bonus
You can move fluidly between programming languages like Java, Python, Go, Scala.
Who are you?There is such a thing as being a true Beetroot.We value people that are eager for improvement. It means that you always try to be the most caring, professional and progressive version of yourself. Your skills and experience are important factors, but your personality, approach and improvement drive are the ones that will make a difference. We hope that you’re a «team person» with an ability to accept responsibility for your work, solve problems pragmatically, and remain a highly motivated individual overall. You’re also an outgoing, well-organized, and efficient individual with a strong ability to prioritize.Now that we’ve covered the basics, let us tell you more about us!About BeetrootWe’re a Swedish-Ukrainian IT company, building dream teams of developers and designers for companies around the globe. As an emerging company co-producing with other emerging companies, we work with the start-up seedlings, as well as the huge oak trees. In essence, we’re the cannonball for our client’s success. With over 400 team members, Beetroot is a family-we're a tightly knit bunch that love spending time together. We want to provide a cozy working environment that’s packed full of trust, equality, and steaming bowls of borsch!Oh, and we provide great perks. Which means…
Working with our minimum level of hierarchy, family-feel team in a comfortable, well-equipped office
Great networking opportunities with international clients
Personal development and professional growth opportunities
Competitive salary, paid vacation, medical top-up, and social benefits
Team building activities like ski trips, Beetroot breakfasts, movie nights… and more!
English lessons with native speakers
Discounted Beetroot Academy courses
Annual allowance to participate in competence-enhancing events
What are you waiting for? Shoot us over your CV in English
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior Big Data Engineer (Game Tech Project)
Sigma Software. Одеса.
Senior Big Data Engineer (Competence Development)
Sigma Software. Одеса.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади в Одесі
Програміст Java
Java developer
Тестувальник
QA engineer
QA-інженер
Tester
Java engineer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота в Одесі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата Java engineer в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3783158
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor