Вакансія: Customer Support Specialist, 11 200 грн, компанія Zone3000, IT-company, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Спеціаліст підтримки користувачів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Відгук без резюме
Вакансія від 14 лютого 2020
Customer Support Specialist
11 200 грн
Zone3000, IT-company
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків
Дарья Зенькина ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
ZONE3000 is an international IT company that provides domain name registration, web hosting services and SSL certificates. We work with Namecheap, which is included in the Top-3 best domain name registrars. We have been trusted by more than 6 million customers all over the world for more than 18 years, which is proven by 10 million registered domain names.If you dream of a job in IT, if you have an Intermediate level of English proficiency, we are ready to teach you everything necessary.We offer:
A job in IT without experience
A technical training course with unique content from the internal training center, where you will be told what the Internet consists of, why domains and hosting are necessary, how to manage Internet services and how Internet payments work, you will also be taught how to interact with foreign customers, how to do modern business correspondence and how to work in large IT companies (with the training being successful, we pay $ 300 expressed in the hryvnia)
Pay starting from 400$ per month, expressed in the hryvnia (night shifts are paid at one and a half rate)
Work experience in IT in accordance with international standards
Opportunities for professional development and personal growth
Soft and hard skills development in the corporate «University» provided by our NY office specialists
Official employment
Paid vacation and sick leave
Shift schedule (08:00—16:00, 16:00—00:00, 00:00—08:00)
Night commute by taxi at the company’s expense
Responsibilities:
The provision of technical support to customers around the world, including answering questions, assistance in the selection, installation and configuration of the products and services of the company.
Perks:
English classes in the company office (Speaking Clubs, Grammar Lectures, Boardgames)
Points accumulation system (can be exchanged for MAKEUP, Rozetka certificates and others)
Employee discount program providing discounts and special conditions from the company’s partners
Paid gym membership
Football, volleyball and basketball teams, table tennis and other activities
Corporate parties and teambuilding activities
Fruit days, tea, coffee and milk with vitamin D
If you are interested, contact us:Email: [відгукнутися]
Показати телефон — Telegram
Показати телефон — Viber
Показати телефон
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Специалист технической поддержки, 11 200 грн
Zone3000, IT-company. Харків.
Оператор технической поддержки
Медстар Солюшенс, ООО. Харків.
Spanish Customer Support Manager, 10 000 – 12 000 грн
Football Ticket Net. Харків.
Customer support manager, переводчик, 8 000 – 9 500 грн
Football Ticket Net. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Customer support representative
Support manager
Спеціаліст технічної підтримки
Customer support specialist
Менеджер по роботі з замовниками
Спеціаліст підтримки користувачів
Спеціаліст техпідтримки
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста підтримки користувачів у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/1712282
Гарячі вакансії
Оператор call-центра.
6 000 – 8 000 грн.
Коллтек, колл-центр. Харків.
Оператор call-центра.
4 500 – 7 500 грн.
BEEPER. Харків.
Middle Manual QA Engineer.
NIX. Харків.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами в социальных сетях.
Maxi Group Kharkiv. Харків.
Unity Developer.
40 000 – 75 000 грн.
Voodoo. Харків.
Специалист по работе с задолженностью, коллектор (call-центр, soft-collection).
14 000 – 18 500 грн.
ШвидкоГрошi. Харків.
SEO-специалист.
10 000 – 15 000 грн.*
SEO Maxima. Харків.
Помощник SMM-специалиста.
10 000 грн.
Сталекс, ООО. Харків.
Оператор телефонных продаж контакт-центра.
10 000 грн.*
Клуб Семейного Досуга. Харків.
Middle Java Full Stack Developer.
NIX. Харків.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor