Вакансія: Customer Support Specialist, компанія ProSteer Group, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Спеціаліст підтримки користувачів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 14 лютого 2020
Customer Support Specialist
ProSteer Group
Група компаній;
50–250 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Донецька, 8.
1,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Ірина Якібчук ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Our company hosts different teams that work on offering various web development solutions, graphic design and marketing solutions, international sales & e-commerce projects (software/hardware mobile servicing solutions, tools & equipment for electronics engineers, spare parts for cell phones and other electronic devices, automotive electronics, etc.)Requirements:
Excellent written and spoken English
Previous client support experience will be a plus
Multi-tasking skills (actively listening to customer questions, answering questions, registering issue and finding solution at the same time)
Computer literacy
General understanding of E-commerce projects
Desire for learning and self-improvement
Excellent negotiation, communication and presentation skills
Client-oriented approach, ability to understand clients needs
Strong self-organizational and time management skills
Main Responsibilities:
Handle and resolve customers' complaints and requests (via email, phone and chat)
Help existing customers by providing them timely and accurate information about products (NOT cold calls)
Deliver information about benefits of the products to turn customers into paid ones
Informing clients about the status of their cases resolution upon request
Identify and analyze issues and provide effective solutions
We offer:
Long-term employment with annual paid vacation (20 working days) and paid sick leave
Steady job opportunity with various possibilities for professional growth and advancement
Flexible working hours
Numerous possibilities to improve your skills within ProSteer Corporate University, paid external educational programs, workshops, training, etc.
Language classes (Polish, Spanish, and English)
Spacious office with green garden, relax zone and a playground
Work-rest balance support (yoga, massage, etc.)
Secure car and bike parking place
gsmserver.comall-spares.com
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Спеціаліст технічної підтримки працівників, 9 000 – 13 000 грн
Meest. Львів.
Technical Support Engineer, 25 000 – 50 000 грн
UK2 Group. Львів.
Спеціаліст технічної підтримки, 11 200 грн
Zone3000, IT-company. Львів.
Billing Support Specialist
Boosta ltd.. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Customer support representative
Support manager
Спеціаліст технічної підтримки
Customer support specialist
Менеджер по роботі з замовниками
Спеціаліст підтримки користувачів
Спеціаліст техпідтримки
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста підтримки користувачів у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3263779
Гарячі вакансії
Спеціаліст з інформаційно-консультаційної підтримки (угорська).
23 000 грн.
Ранвей Україна, ТОВ. Львів.
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами (консультація, мобільний зв'язок).
7 500 – 9 000 грн.*
Adelina Call Center. Львів.
Оператор call-центру.
8 000 – 11 000 грн.
Vodafone Україна. Львів.
Програміст 1C.
Барком, корпорація. Львів.
Спеціаліст з інформаційно-консультаційної підтримки.
23 000 грн.*
Ранвей Україна, ТОВ. Львів.
Фахівець по роботі зі зверненнями інтернет-магазину.
Жжук. Львів.
Інтернет-маркетолог, PPC-спеціаліст.
YourQuery S.R.O.. Львів.
Senior DWH/BI Developer.
Жжук. Львів.
Customer support advisor.
23 000 грн.*
Ранвей Україна, ТОВ. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor