Вакансія: Technical Support Engineer for Ciklum Digital (2000007E), компанія Ciklum, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Інженер служби підтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Гаряча вакансія
Technical Support Engineer for Ciklum Digital (2000007E)
Ciklum
· VIP
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Ciklum Digital is looking for a Technical Support Engineer to join the Kyiv team on a full-time basis.Our backup platform helps our 7000+ customers realize this vision though our IT resilience platform, an all-in-one converged disaster recovery that enables digital transformation, reduces downtime and data loss, and helps businesses move workloads seamlessly across clouds or data centers.Our Support Center’s goal is to provide customers with a top-class assistance.We are looking for service-oriented specialist with spoken English language and excellent communication skills. You should be interested in IT in general and be ready to learn about new products and constantly improve your technical knowledge.Responsibilities:
Resolve complex technical issues through research, log analysis, issue reproduction, and advanced troubleshooting
Service Desk management. Incident Management
Interfaces directly with customers at different stages of problem resolution process including understanding customer issues, communicating action plans for resolution, explaining developments, and conveying resolution
Work directly with other technical support staff, quality assurance, development, and the Account Team to resolve problems
Manages own schedule of cases, which includes determining priority levels and negotiating and setting expectations with customers
Thoroughly documents all issues, develops and reviews content for knowledge base. Help develop and implement web based support initiatives including knowledge bases, technical and modeling techniques and documentation
Requirements:
English Intermediate+, good speaking skills are necessary
Shift work, only nights (Two nights followed by two off days. Night — night — off day — off day)
Basic knowledge of virtualization
Basic knowledge of TCP/IP, DNS and other networking concepts
Strong ability to combine monitoring function and other ongoing processes
Service oriented with desire to help people
Detail oriented, reliable, stress resistant
Responsible, initiative, multitasking, self-organized, eager to learn
Understanding of standard support procedures for proper reporting, escalation and follow up
Desirable:
Experience with VMware vSphere family
Experience in MS Hyper-V product/solution
Experience in AWS virtualization
VCP certification
Cloud Computing experience
Linux or UNIX familiarity with the installation and configuration of Linux or UNIX operating systems & setup and operation of TCP/IP networking on Linux or UNIX systems
Understanding of storage sub systems
What’s in it for you?
Variety of knowledge sharing and training opportunities
Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client
Competitive salary
Career and professional growth
Possibility to work in a big and successful company
Long-term employment with 20 working-days paid vacation and other social benefits
Working in a comfortably located office with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions
Work with a large number of customers who use various approaches and technologies;
Experience of operating on different cloud and on-premise applications
Access to DevOps team knowledge, certifications, webinars, Udemy courses
Ability to co-operate with Ciklum Digital DevOps team
About CiklumCiklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain.As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams.Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed.Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and «Cross the Borders» together with us!If you are interested — please send your CV to [відгукнутися]
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Инженер тех. поддержки 2-3 линии (Technical support SQL), 30 000 – 35 000 грн
Лиакон Конекшин, ООО. Київ.
Оператор технической поддержки
Люкс Лайт, ООО. Київ.
Специалист техподдержки, технический консультант, 10 000 грн
Адамант-Телеком. Київ.
Technical Support Specialist (English), 20 000 – 30 000 грн
WorkTime. Київ.
Helpdesk-инженер, технической поддержки
Діджитал Сервісез Україна. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Спеціаліст технічної підтримки
Customer support specialist
Менеджер по роботі з замовниками
Спеціаліст підтримки користувачів
Support engineer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата інженера служби підтримки у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3803031
Гарячі вакансії
Системный администратор, специалист технической поддержки.
14 000 грн.*
Hostlife. Київ.
Оператор технічної підтримки.
15 000 грн.*
Кнайпа Pro. Київ.
Customer support representative.
Кваліті Юніт Україна. Київ.
Helpdesk Engineer for Ciklum.
Ciklum. Київ.
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Специалист технической поддержки.
10 000 грн.
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Customer support representative with knowing English.
8 000 – 16 000 грн.*
Telovox, LLC. Київ.
Оператор техподдержки (английский язык, call-центр).
13 000 грн.
Benish GPS. Київ.
Customer support representative.
16 000 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor