Вакансія: Senior Fullstack Node.js, React.js Developer (Multinational Financial Services), компанія DataArt, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 14 лютого 2020
Senior Fullstack Node.js, React.js Developer (Multinational Financial Services)
DataArt
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Смаль-Стоцького, 1.
2,6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
DataArt’s specialists are developing a platform which serves as a constructor for embedded mobile applications for one of the top-three UK insurance companies. It is designed to proceed with flow-based programming, on-premise configuration, and deployment. With apps built on top of the platform, it helps to fulfill business needs for a variety of use cases while keeping costs and implementation risks low.The project uses modern technology, Serverless architecture, and best practices. Technologies used: React, AWS, Lambda. Required Skills and Experience
4+ years of experience with Node.js platform
Knowledge of JavaScript
Experience with React.js
Understanding of the basic design patterns
Basic understanding of how to build client-server systems
Skills in working with version control systems (Git)
Good spoken English
Additional Competencies
Experience with React Native
Experience with AWS (Lambda)
Experience in Serverless Architectures
Knowledge of ES6, TypeScript
Experience in using unit testing and TDD
Experience with REST Endpoints
DataArt offers:
Professional Development:
— Experienced colleagues who are ready to share knowledge;— The ability to switch projects, technology stacks, try yourself in different roles;— More than 150 workplaces for advanced training;— Study and practice of English: courses and communication with colleagues and clients from different countries;— Support of speakers who make presentations at conferences and meetings of technology communities.
The ability to focus on your work: a lack of bureaucracy and micromanagement, and convenient corporate services;
Friendly atmosphere, concern for the comfort of specialists;
Flexible schedule and the ability to work remotely;
The ability to work in any of our development centers.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Junior Android Developer, 10 000 – 20 000 грн
Newsoft. Львів.
Junior Strong/Middle Android Developer
Newsoft. Львів.
Middle Front End Developer
Yellow Recruiting Company. Львів.
Financial, Payment manager (German language)
Logivations. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Фінанси, банк
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3809555
Тренінги по темі «Senior Fullstack Node.js, React.js Developer (Multinational Financial Services)»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor