Вакансія: Data analyst, компанія Artelogic, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Data analyst
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 14 лютого 2020
Data analyst
Artelogic
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Щирецька, 36/5.
5,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
ARTELOGIC is a modern IT business structure that consists of a society of open-minded and business-oriented professionals that helps business owners and C-level executives around the globe to deliver their software solutions (startups and enterprise) to the marketplace in a most effective way.We are looking for the Data Analyst!Project overview:The client is a German-based company that produces and distributes a set of jewelry products through its online networks of e-commerce shops. The client currently pursues an objective of automating data exchange across all of the online shops and internal systems in order to gain better operational efficiency, optimize the reliability of the IT infrastructure and secure further growth of the business. Data Analyst will be responsible for data model creation, validation, and optimizations (DBA Skills). This role will lead the data element of the project ensuring that all applications within the portfolio get the right data, properly tested and aligned with the current business operations and priorities.Requirements:
Proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects etc), databases (SQL etc), programming (XML or ETL frameworks)
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, and analyze significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings
At least Intermediate English level
Responsibilities:
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities
We offer:
Professional and career development opportunities
Exposure and training in a rapidly growing, dynamic, and uniquely global industry
Be part of a highly collaborative and energetic team of professionals
Paid vacations and sick leaves 24/7
Flexible working hours
Waiting for your CV!:)
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Data scientist
ПриватБанк. Львів.
Data Entry Analyst, контент-менеджер (німецька мова)
BPO Nextdoor, Inc.. Львів.
Data & CRM Analyst (Salesforce), 10 000 – 15 000 грн
Dixa ApS. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Data scientist
Аналітик
Інженер-програміст
Analyst
Data analyst
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата data analyst в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3824570
Гарячі вакансії
Customer support advisor.
23 000 грн.*
Ранвей Україна, ТОВ. Львів.
Спеціаліст з інформаційно-консультаційної підтримки (угорська).
23 000 грн.
Ранвей Україна, ТОВ. Львів.
Senior DWH/BI Developer.
Жжук. Львів.
Програміст 1C.
Барком, корпорація. Львів.
Спеціаліст з інформаційно-консультаційної підтримки.
23 000 грн.*
Ранвей Україна, ТОВ. Львів.
Інтернет-маркетолог, PPC-спеціаліст.
YourQuery S.R.O.. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Data analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor