Вакансія: Customer support representative, 16 000 грн, компанія Livingston Research Group, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст техпідтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Гаряча вакансія
Customer support representative
16 000 грн · Paid in USD $$
Livingston Research Group
Освіта, наука;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість, неповна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
Livingston Research is a young and dynamic Ed-Tech company, which has been on the market for the past 10 years.Our mission is to provide students with educational support enabled by technology, connecting tens of thousands of students with freelancers around the world to provide help and support with any homework related issues. We are looking for passionate and enthusiastic people, who are ready to go above and beyond for the position of a Customer Support Representative.Do not miss out on the opportunity that allows you easily combine it with your studies and get valuable experience that is well compensated.Necessary qualifications:
Excellent communication skills;
Advanced written and spoken English;
Ability to work night shifts (at least 2 per week) to cover our Western Markets;
Experience working with native English speakers is a plus;
Participation in international exchange programs is a big plus (e.g. FLEX, Erasmus, etc).
A desire to learn and develop.
Responsibilities:
Interact with existing customers via text message interface;
Advise on the order procedures;
Provide assistance with the web interface;
Handle complaints and issues;
Cooperate with other teams to reach goals;
NO cold calling involved (no calls involved whatsoever!)
We offer:
Opportunity to combine employment with studies (flexible schedule);
Competitive salary paid in US dollars ($650+, based on hourly rates) and performance bonuses);
Personal performance bonuses — Sky is not the limit:)
Friendly, professional and ambitious team with a constant access to HR manager;
Constant support from experienced Team Leaders within the team;
Corporate outings and team-building activities several times a year;
Comfortable, amazing office in the heart of Kyiv (5−7 mins walking distance from Universytet or Zoloti Vorota metro stations).
Opportunity to build a career and gain an experience that will serve you in a long-term perspective;
Non-monetary perks such as rewards for good performance, holidays celebration;
Unlimited coffee/tea, snacks and fruits, pizza Tuesdays;
Bonuses for referring friends (referral program).
Ready to supercharge your career? Apply now!If you are still hesitant, check out more about us hereJoin us on FacebookOr follow us on Instagram
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Technical Support Engineer
Pragmatic Play Ukraine LLC. Київ.
Инженер технической поддержки, 15 000 грн
Smart touch POS. Київ.
Специалист технической поддержки 1С в Полтаву, 2 000 грн
Бейкень Энергетика Украина, ООО. Київ.
Инженер технической поддержки, 15 000 грн
Антенор. Київ.
Інженер з технічної підтримки та супроводження
Банкомзв'язок, АТ. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Спеціаліст технічної підтримки
Customer support specialist
Менеджер по роботі з замовниками
Спеціаліст підтримки користувачів
Спеціаліст техпідтримки
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Клієнт-менеджер
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста техпідтримки у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3803560
Гарячі вакансії
Программист C# Developer.
Эколл. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам IT-услуг.
Darwin Global. Київ.
Оператор call-центра в отдел продаж.
15 000 грн.*
Oiler. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам в отдел телемаркетинга.
23 000 грн.
CreditKasa. Київ.
Специалист по работе с задолженностью, коллектор (call-центр, soft-collection).
20 000 – 25 000 грн.
ШвидкоГрошi. Київ.
Специалист по работе с задолженностью, коллектор (call-центр, soft-collection).
20 000 грн.
Фактор, коллекторское агентство. Київ.
Manual QA Engineer (с обучением).
Voki Games. Київ.
Оператор call-центра.
27 600 грн.*
CreditKasa. Київ.
Game Manager.
Lime Consulting. Київ.
Media Buying Team Lead.
Lime Consulting. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor