Вакансія: С++ Developer, компанія Ticketsell, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
C++ програміст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 14 лютого 2020
С++ Developer
Ticketsell
IT;
менше 10 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Архітектора Городецького, 10.
0,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
As С++ Developer at ticketsell you’ll have the opportunity to contribute to data collection, processing and management system development (ETL).COMPANY DESCRIPTIONWe’re a growth stage start-up with a unique SaaS product. We have been selected to Startup Wise Guys CEE leading acceleration program. Our product is predictive analytics that helps concert and sport event promoters to execute the demand-driven pricing.Our mission is to help promoters to sell and price tickets based on demand in the most effective way so that the last ticket is sold 1 minute before the show.We need a talented, disciplined and hard-working professional with clear previous achievements and strong commitment to building industry impactful products.JOB DESCRIPTIONResponsibilities:
Develop either independent modules or extension to existing ones.
Perform code refactoring and optimization.
Contribute to architecture development.
Document and test code.
Technology stack:
С++.
Data Base Management Systems: PostgreSQL (triggers, views, stored procedures, domains, PL/pgSQL).
Linux.
QUALIFICATIONS
At least 3 years of extensive development with the use of technologies above.
Fast learner of new technologies.
Some experience of architecture design.
Exceptional problem-solving skills.
Knowledge of English is a plus.
We Offer:
An early-stage company experiencing, sustained growth across the CIS and European markets.
Promotion potential to lead developer at fast-growing environment.
Competitive salary
Welcoming office located in the city center.
Why you should join ticketsell?
You hunt for stock ownership.
You gain essential experience but that’s not enough and you look for more responsibilities and achievements.
You hate outsource development and rather look to make an impact on global product development.
The team matters for you.
Why you should not join ticketsell?
You don’t care about what you develop.
You produce code that doesn’t execute from the first run.
You complain that someone should test your code in order to make it work.
So if you are dreaming about being a part of something innovative that changes the world of technology, don’t hesitate to send your CV and become the part of our ticketsell team.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Passionate Senior C++ Developer
Cosylab Ukraine. Київ.
Windows Software Engineer (C, C++/WinAPI)
СМК (Software MacKiev). Київ.
SW Engineer (C/C++)
Re:крутер. Київ.
Middle C++ developer
Стар Вей Медиа. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
C++ developer
C++ програміст
C++ engineer
C++ розробник
Game developer
Game programmer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата C++ програміста в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3803243
Гарячі вакансії
Технический писатель.
Rozetka. Київ.
Data analyst.
Voki Games. Київ.
Leading IT Audit Specialist.
lifecell. Київ.
Интернет-маркетолог.
LuckyLook. Київ.
System administrator.
25 000 – 30 000 грн.
Mountain Track. Київ.
Helpdesk Engineer for Ciklum.
Ciklum. Київ.
Контент-менеджер.
12 000 – 15 000 грн.
Гребенюк А.А., ФЛП. Київ.
Manual QA Engineer (с обучением).
Voki Games. Київ.
Business Intelligence Senior Analyst.
Київстар. Київ.
Business analyst (intern).
Innoware. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «C++ developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor