Вакансія: Test Automation Engineer (Global Pet Management Solution), компанія Sigma Software, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Test engineer
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 13 лютого 2020
Test Automation Engineer (Global Pet Management Solution)
Sigma Software
· VIP
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Харків
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Our project for developing a global pet management solution truly has it all — a unique concept, skilled co-founders with rich technical background, generous investments, and a large stakeholder negotiating with the founders regarding the startup acquisition. However, we are missing a Test Automation Engineer to be a part of our team!Our customer is a true startup guru having more than 20 years of experience in the IT industry and more than 10 prosperous startups under his belt. Be sure, as a part of his team you will keep pace with state-of-the art technologies and practices.We are cooperating with a US-based startup backed with one of the leading Venture Capital Firms. Together with their team, we are building from scratch a Cloud Management System allowing vet business owners and their employees to view and manage vital internal processes of the clinic. It is a unique solution covering all aspects of veterinary business management — starting with medicaments purchase and up to clients' management.Responsibilities:
Development and maintenance of UI automation framework (Java 8 + Selenium + TestNG)
Development and maintenance of API automation framework (Java 8 + RESTAssured + JUnit)
Defining regression scope and suites
Jenkins jobs management
Test runs analysis
Bug reporting
Requirements:
2+ years of experience in test automation
Practical knowledge of Java 8
Awareness of test design patterns and ability to implement them practically
Good understanding of RESTfull architectural style
Test Frameworks: Selenium, REST-Assured, TestNG/JUnit, Allure
Gradle
Basic Shell-scripting skills
Practical experience working with:
Git
Jenkins
Experience in using SQL
Unix administration skills
Profound theoretical background in QA methodology and process, test types classifications
Strong awareness of SDLC and STLC and role of AQA engineer in both software life cycles
At least Upper-Intermediate level of English
Personal profile:
Well-organized and detail-oriented
Analytical and troubleshooting skills
Strong reporting skills
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Strong Junior Test Automation Engineer (Telecom)
Sigma Software. Харків.
Middle Automation QA Engineer
CodeTiburon. Харків.
Software Quality Automation Engineer
Eastern Peak. Харків.
Senior Automation C# QA Engineer в Киев, 48 000 – 100 000 грн
Пей Пер Колл. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Тестувальник
QA engineer
Tester
Системний адміністратор
DevOps engineer
System administrator
Test engineer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата test engineer у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3383429
Гарячі вакансії
Middle Manual QA Engineer.
NIX. Харків.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor