Вакансія: Junior business analyst, компанія Innoware, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Гаряча вакансія
Junior business analyst
Innoware
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Золотоустівська, 3.
2,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Innoware is recognized as experts in the consulting services, specializing in ERP and CRM implementations and cloud business solutions. Our company holds Microsoft Gold Certified Partner status and acknowledged as one of the best partners in Eastern Europe.Due to growing business, we are looking for an enthusiastic and promising candidate to fulfill the position of Junior Business Analyst for Microsoft Dynamics.We offer trainings on the system and project management methodology.Position requirements:
University degree or student of senior grades (4+) specialization in cybernetics, finances, accounting or economics, IT, mathematics etc.
Basic knowledge of database management systems
Knowledge of ERP system will be an advantage
Analytical mindset and logical thinking
Ability to work in a team and learn quickly
Positive, pro-active and self-motivated
Upper-Intermediate English (written and spoken)
Main responsibilities:
Communication with customers and key users for capturing business processes
Business analysis, developing functional and technical design
Agreeing and finalizing document with customer and key users (calls, emails)
Presenting requirements to Development team
Performing acceptance testing — ensuring the provided functionality satisfies customer needs/requirements
Creating project documentation and other materials
Support customers during acceptance testing and rollout of new functionality
We offer excellent opportunities for successful career start and growth in a friendly and supportive atmosphere:
Intensive training and professional development
International certification by Microsoft
Challenging tasks and multifaceted solutions
Participation in local and international projects
Competitive remuneration
Opportunity to finish education in university for students
Explore your potential applying now! Send your CV with a short cover letter explaining your desire to join Innoware team.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Бізнес-аналітик відділу по роботі з держкомпаніями
Первый Украинский Международный Банк (ПУМБ). Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик в розробку системи інтернет-банкінгу
Альфа-Банк. Київ.
Бизнес-аналитик 1С
Everad. Київ.
Business analyst
Exmo. Київ.
Бизнес-аналитик
Фоззи, гипермаркет. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Продакт-менеджер
Продукт-менеджер
Product owner
Technical writer
Product manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Фінанси, банк
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата бізнес-аналітика у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3381476
Гарячі вакансії
Business Intelligence Senior Analyst.
Київстар. Київ.
Business analyst (intern).
Innoware. Київ.
Business Analyst (web).
18 500 грн.
FXCL. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor