Вакансія: Middle Java Developer (Healthcare Industry), компанія Aimprosoft, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Програміст Java
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 13 лютого 2020
Middle Java Developer (Healthcare Industry)
Aimprosoft
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Харків, вулиця Фесенківська, 4А.
2,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Екатерина ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Aimprosoft, a fast-growing outsourcing IT company, is looking for a Middle Java Developer. This role offers a backend developer position on a new project. The project itself is a fully new platform based on the AWS services for the client in the healthcare industry.Responsibilities:
Development of new features and web-based APIs
Collaboration with other developers on development and deployment
Communication with a client
Required skills:
2+ years of Java development commercial experience
In-Depth knowledge of Object Oriented Design/Programming (Java 8+)
Strong expertise in Spring stack (Spring Boot, Spring Security, etc)
Experience of developing modern REST services
Experience with Relational Databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL)
Good knowledge and skills in Hibernate/JPA
Experience with Message Queues or good understanding of principles (SQS, Activity MQ, Kafka, etc)
Knowledge in Git and Linux
Strong communication skills
English level — Intermediate and higher
As plus:
Practical experience with Docker
Practical experience of AWS SDK for Java
Experience with ElasticSearch, SOLR
Knowledge or practical experience of NoSQL Databases
Experience with an OpenAPI
Knowledge of common AWS services
What do we offer:
Interesting projects
Competitive salary
Opportunities for professional development
Friendly team
Gorgeous corporate events
Paid vacation, holidays, and sick leaves
Free English classes with a native speaker
Car and bicycle parking
Cozy office (5 min from Zakhysnykiv Ukrainy or 10 min from Sportyvna metro station)
All IT-native perks (flexible hours, tea, coffee, lunches, discounts in Metallist gym)
About usAimprosoft is a stable service and product software development company with over 14 years of experience in the market of enterprise development software. A stack of our expertise covers Liferay, Alfresco and Hybris platforms in the row with the web and mobile solutions to fill clients needs. Offering software development and customization services, consulting and quality assurance for both startups at their MVP steps and for enterprises, we keep contributing to the open-source community as well.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Strong Middle Java Developer (Aviation domain)
Sigma Software. Харків.
Strong Middle Java Developer (Logistic domain)
Sigma Software. Харків.
Middle/Senior Java Developer
Andersen. Харків.
Junior, Middle Developer, разработчик Java
GranSoft. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Програміст Java
Java developer
Тестувальник
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
QA engineer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Медицина, фармацевтика
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста Java в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3823615
Гарячі вакансії
Middle Java Full Stack Developer.
NIX. Харків.
Тренінги по темі «Java developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor