Вакансія: Customer support advisor, 23 000 грн, компанія Ранвей Україна, ТОВ, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Відгук без резюме
Гаряча вакансія
Customer support advisor
23 000 грн · Офіційне працевлаштування за трудовою
Ранвей Україна, ТОВ
Телекомунікації, зв'язок;
50–250 співробітників
Львів
Повна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
If you are technically oriented, would like to work in the international company and can’t leave without daily usage one of the following languages: Polish, Czech, Croatia/Serbia, Bulgarian, Estonian, Hungarian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Romanian, Slovenian or Slovakian, it is high time to send us your CVs. We think exactly you will be the lucky one who officially obtains the required position in our friendly Lviv office.NB: One of the largest electronics companies in the world is searching for Customer Support Advisors to assist users with technical problems via phone, chats and emails. Main responsibilities include resolving customer queries, recommending solutions and guiding product users through features and functionalities. To be successful in this role, you should be an excellent communicator who’s able to earn our clients' trust. Daily Responsibilities
In a correct, customer friendly and efficient manner answer and/or solve complex technical questions or problems posed by customers via telephone or email.
Identify and analyze the technical issue of the customer by good listening and asking clear and concise questions.
Provide good customer service with the aid of high-quality technical knowledge and the technical knowledge gained from the internal training and support systems.
Keep up to date with all new developments in the technical area, networks and consumer electronics relating to the position.
Per customer contact gather and document all relevant information into the system to ensure a high level of service is delivered.
Requirements
Supports one of the languages described (Polish, Ukrainian, Czech, Croatia/Serbia, Bulgarian, Estonian, Hungarian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Romanian, Slovenian or Slovakian).
A good understanding of the MS Office environment is essential.
Good telephone etiquette.
Employee benefitsFriendly atmosphere and great organizational culture; Official employment from day one; Paid Holidays: 28 days; Office hours: Mon-Friday (9am-6 pm); Basic Salary + KPI bonuses; Trainings and uptrainings; Relocation package help — 1000 euros; Happy Friday Treats and Corporate Events; Exiting experience with one of the leading electronic company. P.S. Please apply via our Job Portal https://webhelpukraine.teamtailor.com/jobs/813133-advisors/applications/newA brief description of the company Making business more human for the world’s most exciting brands.We live in an era of fast connectivity and AI. Today, human experiences have even more power to make businesses come to life in customers' hearts and minds.Webhelp is committed to making business more human.It’s through this commitment that Webhelp enriches customer experience, and designs business solutions that create value for the world’s most exciting companies.Webhelp is a partner across a range of services including customer experience solutions, social media moderation through to payment services.Hundreds of brands across the world trust Webhelp because of their people, the culture they work in, and the ideas and technology they put to work.Webhelp believes that Emotional Intelligence creates a lasting impact, and their skill in marrying a differentiating human touch to the right technology is what makes a real difference for their clients.By choosing Webhelp they access the passion and experience of 50,000 game-changers from more than 140 locations in 36 countries. Each one determined to bring their own intelligence, empathy and experience to the table every day. Webhelp invests in people and the environment they work in, because they know that when people thrive, it has a powerful impact on them, their customers and on their partners' business.Webhelp believes that making business more human leads to a better customer experience — and a healthier bottom line.Webhelp is the European leader in their industry, with a revenue of €1,4B in 2018, and aims for a global leadership position.Webhelp is currently owned by its management and GBL, a leading global investment holding, as of November 2019.More information can be found at www.webhelp.com
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Спеціаліст технічної підтримки працівників, 9 000 – 13 000 грн
Meest. Львів.
Менеджер поддержки клиентов со знанием польского языка, 10 000 грн
Fat Chance Store. Львів.
Customer Support Specialist
ProSteer Group. Львів.
Менеджер клієнтської підтримки, перекладач німецької мови, 14 000 грн
Апрікот Глобал, ТОВ. Львів.
Менеджер відділу клієнтської підтримки зі знанням німецької мови
DMP Development Group. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3798547
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor