Вакансія: Middle Front-End Web Developer, 20 000 – 50 000 грн, компанія Headway, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Web-програміст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 14 лютого 2020
Middle Front-End Web Developer
20 000 – 50 000 грн · По итогам собеседования.
Headway
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ
Мария Голицына ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
HEADWAY is a leading network company which is operating on the US and western Europe .Currently we are looking for Middle Front-End Web Developer to manage our projects and provide the development of a new online services.The candidate must be sufficiently motivated, with the necessary experience to create the project of international standard from scratch.A few words about the project: • the market we approach is constantly growing, so for the next 10−20 years the professionals will be in demand• the challenging project with the dozens of thousands of unique visitors a day, about 100 million actions, and a huge database• the tech task is done• we’re not a startup, we’re the best on the market• this project will be the basis for the development of independent IT companies in the future, where you’ll be able to play a key role.Requirements: — Expirience in work with REST API (json, xml)— Desing Patterns such as: OOP, MVC, SOLID, DRY, KISS is advantage— BackEnd — PHP-framework — Laravel— MySQL is advantage— FrontEnd — React.js — 2+ years expirience, Vue.js (optional)— HTML, CSS, JavaScript (jQuery, Node.js) is advantage— the team creation and supervising successful experience will be a great plus— good English level— good communication and presentation skills is advantageWe offer: — competitive salary between $800-$2000 — оur project is an interesting, complex and uncommon with innovation and challenges!— you have a chance to develop a long-term world-class project from scratch— it is you who will receive a salary much higher than the market salary after MVP— also, you will work in the adequate company, where your knowledge and skills will be appreciated objectively, and your opinion will be listened to— fixed salary and compensation system. All the details will be discussed during the interview. In case of project success your salary will grow up in X3+ times! In case of your professional value it can be even higher!— you'll work in our modern and comfortable office based in Kyiv (the metro is nearby) with all modern features.— official employment and wage supplements— the vacation is also discussed during the interview— permanent training and tuition at the Company’s expense. We understand that every day is a chance to rise up the professional level.Responsibilities:— development of like-minded team— the choice of the best technologies to implement the required functionality— training and employees orientation support— code standards development and implementation— detailed documentation— the customer and the outsource companies interaction— control of teamwork and goals setting— code review, refactoringAre you ready to take responsibility for the development and implementation of a cool product? To open up a global level? To have your team and work with fair wage? Just send your CV or contact us!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior, Mid Level React Native Developer (Mobile-Web Codesharing)
Exponential Age LLC. Київ.
Front-end (Middle) Developer
Admixer Technologies. Київ.
Middle PHP Web Developer
Icecat. Київ.
Middle Back-End Web Developer, 20 000 – 50 000 грн
Headway. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Front-end програміст
Front-end developer
Front-end розробник
HTML-верстальник
HTML coder
Верстальник сайтів
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата web-програміста у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3809634
Гарячі вакансії
Front-end Developer.
UMG (United marketing group). Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Front-end developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor