Вакансія: Machine Learning Engineer, компанія Asia-Collect, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 14 лютого 2020
Machine Learning Engineer
Asia-Collect
Фінанси, банки, страхування;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Дегтярівська, 48.
5,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
About usAsiaCollect (www.asia-collect.com) is a pioneer in providing integrated world-class Credit Management Services («CMS») in Southeast Asia. Focused on the $40 billion growth opportunity in non-performing consumer loans, AsiaCollect delivers maximum CMS efficiency for its clients through an integrated product offering, which includes CMS Outsourcing, Debt Purchasing, CMS Advisory Services, and Software Solutions. AsiaCollect ensures that every debt solution reaches an optimal outcome for debtor as well as creditor, and operates on a world-class Code of Ethics, backed by a stringent set of operational risk control processes. Headquartered in Singapore, the Company is active in Vietnam, Indonesia, and India.We are looking for Machine Learning Engineer to join us to build robust data platforms and applications that incorporate Data Science, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to help with our Collection operation optimization. This is a great opportunity to apply your superior experience and expertise to building great products and services that encompass advanced algorithms and vast volume of data.Responsibilities
Implement scalable and robust Machine Learning systems computing on large volumes of datasets using a variety of open source and proprietary Data Science technologies.
Work with Data Scientists to implement data processing jobs and algorithms into production code.
Implement and integrate system components for service orchestration, scheduling, job status monitoring, model performance monitoring, failure recovery, APIs, and any other components required for a robust and reliable Machine Learning system spanning on-premise and cloud environments.
Write and automate unit, functional, integration and performance tests in a Continuous Integration environment.
Collaborate with product management, revenue and solution delivery teams to ensure that customer requirements are well managed and reflected in product releases.
Support the deployment of AsiaCollect software within partner and client IT environments.
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure high standards of data governance during implementation.
Requirements
3+ years of superior software development experience building commercial large-scale software systems.
Experience in developing complex end-to-end machine learning applications processing large volumes of data in multiple environments.
Excellence in algorithms, data structure, discrete math and distributed computing.
Experience with basic software development skills, such as agile methodologies, testing, version control, and CI/CD.
Demonstrated clear and thorough logical and analytical thinking, as well as problem solving skills.
Production coding and testing experience in choice of programming languages and Machine Learning development frameworks.
Proven professional experience in processing large-scale commercial data. Experience with voice/audio data a plus.
Experience with Cloud Infrastructure and Docker is a plus.
Superior and proactive communications skills, including verbal, written, and presentation.
Proven team player and contributor.
Self-directed, ability to work independently and research innovative solutions to technical and business problems.
Aptitude of working on multiple projects in parallel.
M.S. or B.S. degree in Computer Science / Engineering or equivalent is required for this position.
Proficiency in Python is a must.
Ability to communicate and understand in English is a must
We offer:
Competitive salary ($)
Comfortable office in Kyiv
Friendly and motivated team across countries
Amazing experience of working in international company with colleagues from Vietnam, Indonesia, India, Singapore.
Great opportunity to improve your skills together with company growth
Unlimited tea and coffee at the office :)
If you believe you are the right person for this position, please do not hesitate to send your CV along with your salary expectations.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle Data Scientist, Machine Learning Engineer
Аптека низких цен. Київ.
Data scientist/Machine Learning Engineer
Moneyveo. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3824786
Тренінги по темі «Machine Learning Engineer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor