Вакансія: Leading IT Audit Specialist, компанія lifecell, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT-спеціаліст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Гаряча вакансія
Leading IT Audit Specialist
lifecell
Телекомунікації, зв'язок;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Солом'янська, 11.
4,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Job accountability areaEfficient performing of IT and SOX auditsFunctional Responsibilities:
Conduct SOX audits (ITGC/Revenue application controls within area of responsibility) in Company;
Perform regular IT audits in Company;
Providing assurance regarding effectiveness of IT and IT security related controls within company business process;
Participation in activities aimed to assure company assets existence and availability;
Communicates with the external auditors within the responsibility area.
Conduct risks' assessment of IT processes;
Develops the action plans on necessary controls' implementation, follows-up the right execution by right persons;
Participate as a control expert while implementation of new Company IT systems.
Provide wide range of advisory and consultancy in IT area regarding risk management and governance, internal controls etc;
Provides expertise and support to Business Audit regarding all questions in IT field, conduct joint audits with Business Auditors in business areas.
Requirements:
Education — University degree, Area — Financial/Economical;
Working experience: 5+ years in the finance area;
Previous experience in software testing (QA) process;
Knowledge of telecommunication industry;
Experience with information security applications;
Familiarity with COSO, COBIT, and SOX (as they relate to IT controls) is a benefit;
Working knowledge of networking, operating systems, systems software, DBMS, information security, system and/or project life cycle, and/or change management processes is a benefit;
Certification as a CISA, CISSP/CISM (or in related technical skills) is a plus;
English — fluent command of both written spoken;
Excellent analytical skills.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
IT-эксперт (ст. м. Почайна, ТЦ Gorodok), 15 000 грн
Comfy. Київ.
IT-майстер
Фокстрот. Київ.
Pre-sales инженер по ИТ-безопасности
ERC. Київ.
IT-specialist, 18 000 – 20 000 грн
EPC Network. Київ.
Інженер IT-інфраструктури (с. Калинівка)
Сканія Україна, ТОВ. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
Web developer
PM
C# Developer
IT-specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Бухгалтерія, аудит
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата IT-спеціаліста у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3813597
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor