Вакансія: Middle Manual QA Engineer for Ciklum Digital (200000JY), компанія Ciklum, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Тестувальник
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 13 лютого 2020
Middle Manual QA Engineer for Ciklum Digital (200000JY)
Ciklum
· VIP
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
On behalf of Ciklum Digital, we are looking for Middle Manual QA Engineer to join our Kyiv team on a full-time basis.Ciklum Digital Quality Engineering Team is looking for technology experts who want to make a positive influence on new business by applying best QA practices and taking ownership. We are a growing business unit of Ciklum with currently 100+ employees, specializing in Software quality assurance. Currently we are dealing with approximately 30 projects simultaneously.Our Customer is a financial service company that provides supply chain finance across Europe, North America and Asia. Founded in 2011, the company is headquartered in London with offices in New York, Chicago, Miami, Frankfurt, Bremen, and Sydney, with more than 500 specialists worldwide. They have over 8+ millions customers in over 165 countries.Responsibilities:
Requirements analysis and processing
Test cases/checklists and other types of test documentation creation
Estimate the required testing time
Perform testing activities on several projects, communicate with developers and project managers
Functional and regression tests execution
Test Summary reports preparation
Requirements:
3+ years professional experience in QA area
At least 2 years of real working experience with Web-based projects
Good knowledge in complex SQL queries
Experience with NoSQL Database
Good experience in working with REST, SOAP API
Understanding of HTML/CSS/JS, JQuery
Good knowledge of test design techniques
Good knowledge of bug life cycle
Strong understanding of Agile/Scrum
Desirable:
Experience with TFS, VSTS systems
Experience of using version control systems (e.g. GIT, SVN)
BS + in Computer science or relevant
Personal skills:
Good analytical skills
Good team player, motivated to solve complex tasks
Strong communication and problem solving skills
Self-motivated, self-disciplined and result-oriented
Strong attention to details and accuracy
What’s in it for you:
Variety of knowledge sharing and training opportunities
Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client
Competitive salary
Career and professional growth
Possibility to work in a big and successful company
Long-term employment with 20 working-days paid vacation and other social benefits
Working in a comfortably located office with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions
Work with a large number of customers who use various approaches and technologies;
Webinars, Udemy courses
About Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and «Cross the Borders» together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to [відгукнутися]
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle QA Engineer (Manual)
IT-Star. Київ.
QA Engineer (Middle Manual)
Boosta ltd.. Київ.
Junior+/Middle manual QA engineer
Bintime. Київ.
Junior/Middle Manual QA, тестировщик ПО, 12 000 грн
Кит Групп. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Тестувальник
QA engineer
QA-інженер
Tester
Системний адміністратор
DevOps engineer
System administrator
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата тестувальника у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3823691
Гарячі вакансії
Manual QA Engineer (с обучением).
Voki Games. Київ.
QA engineer.
Voki Games. Київ.
Senior QA Engineer/Automation.
Codeminders. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor