Вакансія: Content Writer (IT), компанія M2E, робота у Дніпрі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Дніпрі
Письменник
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 14 лютого 2020
Content Writer (IT)
M2E
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Дніпро
Повна зайнятість.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Hello, we are M2E — IT product company developing our own eCommerce solutions. We help enterprises across the world to grow their business and be competitive on the market. M2E works with world-famous marketplaces — eBay, Amazon, and Walmart.We’re looking for people who will help us create clear and quality content about our product for customers.So, we are looking for a talented and creative person to hold the position of Content Writer.Requirements:
FLUENT English — upper-intermediate level or higher
familiarity with IT products and web technologies
logical thinking and attention to details
ability to explain complex concepts in simple words
creativity
It might be an advantage if you have experience in:
copywriting or related fields
eCommerce (Magento/eBay/Amazon/Walmart) area
Responsibilities:
creating, editing and proofreading internal documentation (product guidelines, knowledge base and etc.)
creating engaging content for our website
writing UI text for the product
creating video tutorials for users
What do we offer:
challenging and interesting tasks
friendly and knowledge-sharing atmosphere
medical insurance
free English classes
constant professional growth
modern and comfortable office
If you are interested in this vacancy, please send us your CV :)
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
English translator, editor, content writer, 20 000 грн
Livingston Research Group. Дніпро.
Technical writer
M2E. Дніпро.
Tech Writer/Manual Test Engineer
Модера Развитие Украина, ООО. Дніпро.
Перекладач, Research Writer (англійська мова), 13 000 грн
4writers Research Group. Дніпро.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Дніпрі
Writer
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
ЗМІ, видавництво, поліграфія
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Дніпрі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата письменника в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3296662
Тренінги по темі «Writer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor