Вакансія: Email specialist, 17 000 – 35 000 грн, компанія EPC Network, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 13 лютого 2020
Email specialist
17 000 – 35 000 грн
EPC Network
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, Yevhena Konovaltsia Street, 44.
3,1 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Hello dear work searchers!:)We are an international IT company with 10 years background with the head office in California. As we are rapidly growing, we are expanding our horizons and opened a new office in Kiev. We would be happy to see in our team talented Email Marketing Specialist who possess self-starter skills and able to manage time well with an eye toward detail and flawless execution. This person will be responsible not only for Email Marketing Technical set-up but also for execution of email campaigns according to the set goals. We are sure you will love working with us because we are really awesome guys!You are:
2+ years of experience in the relevant field
English Upper Intermediate+ (verbal and written)
Understanding of email marketing operations, technology, testing techniques and platforms; specifically building requirements for list segmentation, workflows, funnels and triggered events
Experience working with big ESP (Bronto, Iterable, ExactTarget, GetResponse, etc.) & Bulk Mailing
Ability to monitor IP health and lookup domains/IPs on the blacklist
Understanding of ISP/domain-specific delivery policies such as CAN-SPAM, bounce handling rules and filtering logic
Knowledge regarding GDPR & Opt-In Processes
Familiarity with analytical and database tools is a plus
Demonstrated knowledge of HTML code is a plus
Experience building owned channel communications (including push, and in-app) is a plus
YOU WILL WORK ON: Work across multi-channel marketing group on robust and comprehensive lifecycle Email Marketing strategies Foster the growth of key metrics in e-mail marketing campaigns through the analysis of prior efforts, identification of areas for improvement and execution of (A/B tests) strategies Manage campaign tracking, reporting and present KPI dashboards to marketing and management teams Build both manual and automated email campaigns utilizing email marketing tools & take care of bulk emailing Work with database administrator ensuring accurate data management and list hygiene using Email Marketing Tools Assist the Email Marketing Director in opening new ESP, creating email templates, uploading the content and sending broadcast emails to subscribers & creating eye-catchy newsletters funnels Maintain a record of multiple ESP logins and historical copy of email content provided to you; report on the email marketing performance WHAT IT MEANS TO BE PART OF OUR TEAM:
Challenging tasks for you to battle and sharpen your skills
High competitive salary & potential financial growth for achieving key metrics. We make money=you make money
Long-term career opportunities with dynamically developing company
Cool office in the center (Pechersk) with a magnificent view from 26−27 floors
20 paid vacation days & 7 paid sick leaves
«Together Everyone Achieves More» mindset and friendly international environment
We say «Yes» to chillin' (parties, team-building, events)
Coffee, tea, Red Bull, sweets, fruits and more…
Learning never stops (professional training, meetups, certifications)
With us you will get challenging job and tasks, career opportunities in successful American company, ability to earn and environment for efficient work! Don’t hesitate to contact us ASAP!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Digital Marketing Manager, Email specialist, CRM-manager, 21 000 грн
FinUnion. Київ.
Email Marketing Specialist
Eurosender. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3660158
Тренінги по темі «Email specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor