Вакансія: Node.js developer, компанія Stfalcon.com, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 14 лютого 2020
Node.js developer
Stfalcon.com
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Саксаганського, 121.
2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Required Skills:
Node js (10)
Mongo DB
Redis
Google Cloud Storage
Microservises arcitecutre
Experience in building fault-tolerant and horizontally scalable system
Would be a plus:
HTML5
SCSS, PostCss, CSS3
2+ years of experience with JavaScript
Responsive/Adaptive Design
Understanding the basic principles of programming
Work experience with Vue.js, Node.js
Knowledge of the programming patterns: SOLID, functional programming
Understanding best practices
Advocate clean code
Main tasks on the project:
Write code
Analyze and develop architecture of the project
Review the code
What is important to us in a person:
Involvement in work, interest in achieving results
Self-reliance, responsibility and organization
Honesty, openness and human approach in work
Reason for opening the vacancy:The need to expand the team due to the increase in the number of projectsStructure of the company:The company has two offices, 45 employees work in Khmelnitsky, 22 employees in Kiev. We are engaged in expansion of teams in two offices, also we work on a remote basis with specialists from other regions of Ukraine. Company structure: CEO, management (head of the office and 4 project managers), team: web, mobile, design, QA, sales, marketing, HR & Recruiting, back office.Our benefits and working conditions:Our benefits and working conditions:
Working timetable: from 9.00 to 18.00 or from 10.00 to 19.00
The possibility of remote work
Partial cost compensation for:
Pool / gym
Medical Insurance
English courses
Profile conferences according to the worker’s grade
Payment of the sick-list
Corporate events
Individual career path
What we do for the IT community:
We are regular partners and sponsors of fwdays conferences: https://fwdays.com
We organize and conduct meetups where we discuss various topics that may be interesting for the IT community: http://meetups.stfalcon.com/
We develop projects with free source code and open source solutions: github.com/stfalcon-studio
Interview stages:
Interview with a Recruiter — 30 minutes via Skype or face to face
Interview with Technical interviewer 1 hour via Skype or face to face
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Node.js developer (AWS)
Softwarium. Київ.
Специалист технической поддержки, JavaScript-программист (SEO, парсинг, NodeJS), 10 000 – 14 000 грн
NetSolutions. Київ.
Strong Middle Fullstack Developer (React.js, Node.js), 50 000 – 80 000 грн
NS Digital. Київ.
Senior Node.js Developer (Educational Chatbot)
DataArt. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3796114
Тренінги по темі «Node.js developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor