Вакансія: SysOps Engineer, 40 000 – 60 000 грн, компанія HealthJoy, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 13 лютого 2020
SysOps Engineer
40 000 – 60 000 грн
HealthJoy
· VIP
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Юрія Іллєнка, 18Б.
3,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
About us Founded in 2014, HealthJoy is a rapidly growing healthcare technology company on a mission to help employers and employees maximize the value of their benefits. Our platform provides members with a centralized benefits experience by combining a virtual healthcare assistant (JOY) and benefits wallet with telemedicine and concierge services. By integrating these services, members are guided to the right point of care, high quality and low cost physicians and facilities, and prescription savings. Additionally, JOY proactively helps members manage their health and understand the benefits they have elected.About the Role We are looking for a System Administrator to maintain, upgrade and manage our software, hardware and networks.Your goal will be to ensure that our technology infrastructure runs smoothly and efficiently.What You’ll Do
Install and configure software and hardware
Manage network servers and technology tools
Set up accounts and workstations
Monitor performance and maintain systems according to requirements
Troubleshoot issues and outages
Ensure security through access controls, backups and firewalls
Upgrade systems with new releases and models
purchase equipment and components
What You’ll Need
Proven experience as a System Administrator or similar role
Experience with Linux (samba, squid, iptables, openvpn + ldap) and Windows (workstation setup, update, configure access and control)
Experience with Mikrotik — VLAN, multi Internet Provider HA, autorecovery Internet channel for internal users.
Experience with databases and patch management
Knowledge of system security (e.g. intrusion detection systems) and data backup/recovery
Familiarity with various operating systems and platforms
Resourcefulness and problem-solving aptitude
Excellent communication skills
HealthJoy Perks
Competitive salary
Convenient office location
Unlimited Vacation policy
Experience exchange with our foreign colleagues
Corporate lunches
Corporate English lessons with a native speaker
Full or partial coverage of costs for certification and IT conferences
Corporate gym, table tennis and other fun staff
HealthJoy is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or any other basis forbidden under federal, state, or local law. In our innovative and inclusive workplace, we prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Младший инженер SysOps/DevOps
Tucha. Київ.
Сервіс-інженер
Фора, ТОВ. Київ.
Technical Support Engineer
Pragmatic Play Ukraine LLC. Київ.
Middle QA Automation Engineer (C#), 50 000 – 65 000 грн
Softwarium. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3808440
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor