Вакансія: Data Analyst BI, компанія Київстар, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Data analyst
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 13 лютого 2020
Data Analyst BI
Київстар
· VIP
Телекомунікації, зв'язок;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Дегтярівська, 53.
6,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Main responsibilities• Managing all aspects of online dashboards development process• Business analysis work (requirements collection, negotiations with stakeholders)• Data visualization, data quality management, performance tuning• Transformation and development of the reporting systems (BI + Oracle, BI + Hive)• Specifications on data integration and data flow development in Oracle database• Managing user permissions on BI system• Holding up trainings for end users and preparing documentationKey requirements:• Experience as business analyst (requirements collection, negotiations with stakeholders), experience at reports preparation for senior management;• Ability to structure and solve complex, ambiguous problems. Strong project management, interpersonal, and organizational skills;• Strong analytical and data visualization skills;• 1+ years of BI tool development experience (Tableau, Qlik, Power BI etc.)• strong SQL skills — 3+ years of exp.• advanced MS Office user (esp. Excel)• English — upper-intermediate and highWorking at VEON demands a high standard of business ethics and adherence to our legal obligations, our values and our Code of Conduct and supporting compliance policies and procedures. Our pioneering spirit is embodied in our values to be customer obsessed, entrepreneurial, innovative, collaborative, and truthful. Being truthful requires us to act ethically, honestly, and with integrity.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Data analyst (BI)
UKRSIBBANK BNP Paribas Group. Київ.
Junior data analyst
Софтико. Київ.
Провідний аналітик консолідованої інформації
Будинок іграшок. Київ.
Junior data analyst
IT-Star. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Адміністратор баз даних
Data scientist
Аналітик
Інженер-програміст
Analyst
Data analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата data analyst у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3720562
Гарячі вакансії
Data analyst.
Voki Games. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor