Вакансія: Integrations Engineer, компанія Pragmatic Play Ukraine LLC, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 14 лютого 2020
Integrations Engineer
Pragmatic Play Ukraine LLC
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Pragmatic Play Company, a world leader in providing solutions for game industry welcomes talented professionals to join our challenging and dynamic project as a Integrations Engineer. We are looking for passionate, innovative, results-oriented specialist with heart-deep commitment to success to be a part of our company.Successful candidates should correspond to the following required competencies:Professional skills:
Understanding of Web Technologies
Experience in work with web applications, CMS
Good knowledge of SQL, Oracle/Mongo DB queries
Experience in basic Linux command line interface and utilities
Manage and monitor systems to drive troubleshooting
Good knowledge in XML, HTML, SOAP, JSON
Experience in software development (Java/JS/PHP) will be advantage
General skills:
Intermidate English (reading/writing/speaking)
Experience in support
Experience in administrating (troubleshooting, logs parsing, scripting etc.)
Quick understanding and learning abilities
Ability to work on several tasks in parallel
Ability to work under pressure
Understanding of SDLC (CI/CD)
Company offers:
Work in a friendly team at modern office
Unlimited coffee, snacks and fruits
Health insurance
Free English language training
Gym membership
Real Agile
Competitive salary level
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Сервіс-інженер
Фора, ТОВ. Київ.
Technical Support Engineer
Pragmatic Play Ukraine LLC. Київ.
Middle QA Automation Engineer (C#), 50 000 – 65 000 грн
Softwarium. Київ.
Системний адміністратор, інженер-електрик
Гранд Тесла, ТОВ. Київ.
QA Engineer, 15 000 – 20 000 грн
Softermii Inc.. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3615699
Тренінги по темі «Integrations Engineer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor