Вакансія: Business Intelligence Senior Analyst, компанія Київстар, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Гаряча вакансія
Business Intelligence Senior Analyst
Київстар
· VIP
Телекомунікації, зв'язок;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Дегтярівська, 53.
6,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
(maternity vacancy)This position is in charge of providing strategic business analysis services to Commercial function leaders and top-management. Senior BI Analyst works in close cooperation with the business units to get in-depth understanding of customer and business needs and developing actions and recommendations to address business challenges and identify processes and operational improvement instruments.We offer an international experience in a dynamic and challenging environment.RESPONSIBILITIES• Provides in-depth analytics and insights of weekly and monthly commercial performance, identifies potential risks and opportunities to meet company’s operational targets.• Presents analytical conclusions and action plans on a Senior management level and HQ.• Leads and coordinates business unit’s efforts to meet customer and business needs, drives cross-functional collaboration Marketing, Sales, CVM, Technical department, Finance, Project Office and HQ) to improve business performance.• Leads constant improvement of analytics reporting processes and tools in the company.• Facilitates business units in developing KPIs assessment methodology and aligns it with HQ.• Manages internal customer ad-hoc requests to provide well-grounded and profound analytics-based management decision-making base.• Shows profound understanding of business processes and is current with customer needs, ensures analytics info communication on all company levels.• Works in close cooperation with CVM unit, has experience with CRM systems to make in-depth analysis of customer needs and identify opportunities for revenue growth.• Provides regular budget-variance analytics reviews with actionable highlights of the drivers on Weekly and Monthly basis for Senior management• Develops and supports profitability models of channels and develops actions to increase efficiency• Supports the implementation of business solutions by cooperating with commercial stakeholders and deliveries analytics insights.• Organized smooth ad-hoc analytics and reporting process to meet requests of Senior management and HQ.• Participates in reporting systems automation.• Leads and develops the team of business intelligence analytics.DESIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE• Degree in Economics, Cybernetics, Finance, Marketing or Management received from a reputable university• At least 3 years of relevant experience in telecom, multinational company, strategy consulting, large-scale projects• Excellent SQL, Excel and PowerPoint presentation skills, knowledge of business intelligence tools, CRM system is a plus• Experience in Senior management reporting and analytics• Experience to challenge and present analytics results on a Senior level• Ability to structure and solve complex, ambiguous problems and act with impact to address business challenges• Strong analytical and data visualization skills• Strong project management, cross-functional cooperation and organizational skills, • Result-oriented with profound understanding of business processes• Experience and desire to work in a highly dynamic and challenging environment, multitasking• Ability and desire to learn quickly• Proven leadership skills•English — upper-intermediate and higher.Working at VEON demands a high standard of business ethics and adherence to our legal obligations, our values and our Code of Conduct and supporting compliance policies and procedures. Our pioneering spirit is embodied in our values to be customer obsessed, entrepreneurial, innovative, collaborative, and truthful. Being truthful requires us to act ethically, honestly, and with integrity.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Business Analyst NKE
Ежіс Україна, ТОВ. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик відділу по роботі з держкомпаніями
Первый Украинский Международный Банк (ПУМБ). Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик в розробку системи інтернет-банкінгу
Альфа-Банк. Київ.
Бизнес-аналитик 1С
Everad. Київ.
Business analyst
Exmo. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Продакт-менеджер
Продукт-менеджер
Product owner
Technical writer
Product manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Фінанси, банк
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата бізнес-аналітика у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3745418
Гарячі вакансії
Junior business analyst.
Innoware. Київ.
Business analyst (intern).
Innoware. Київ.
Business Analyst (web).
18 500 грн.
FXCL. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor