Вакансія: Embedded Engineer, компанія Re:крутер, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Embedded engineer
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 13 лютого 2020
Embedded Engineer
Re:крутер
· Агенція
Пошук персоналу, HR;
менше 10 співробітників
Київ, проспект Степана Бандери.
4,7 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Primary Function:Architecture design, development/debugging, technical support of firmware for RTOS based systems (STM32, ATMEL, NXP)Qualifications and Required Skills:
2+ years of experience with embedded C language usage for complex embedded systems design.
Experience with MCU based designs for most variety of commercially available MCUs (STM32, ATMEL, NXP, others).
Experience with RTOS based designs is a must (FreeRTOS, RTX, eCOS, etc.)
Experience with TCP/IP and secure web protocols.
Expert knowledge of conventional data transfer interfaces (RS232, I2C, SPI, Ethernet, etc.)
Experience writing bootloaders.
Ability to read/understand schematic designs and use conventional development tools (oscilloscope, JTAG, soldering iron, etc.)
Intermediate English, both spoken and written (be able to communicate directly with USA citizens, be able to write technical documentation and presentations).
Knowledge of C++ will be a plus
Responsibilities and Duties:
Development and debugging of firmware for RTOS based systems (STM32, ATMEL, NXP etc.)
Development, debugging and improvement of the firmware for micro-controllers.
Troubleshoot, analyze and resolve various electronic software and hardware problems. Implement and deploy change requests and enhancements to further improve the existing equipment.
Plan, design and co-ordinate the development, installation, integration and operation of embedded and computer-based systems.
Investigation of various production and field issues and product failures.
Offer:
1 year contract
Business trips — USA, Europe
Company with good reputation on market since 1992
Learn and Use of English.
Flexible working schedule.
Lunch Bonus program.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Програміст мікроконтролерів
Карбон Инвест. Київ.
Embedded Developer (Devices)
Ajax Systems. Київ.
Инженер-электронщик, 100 000 грн
Взаперти. Київ.
Електронщик, сервісний інженер, майстер сервісного центру, радіотехнік, 15 000 – 20 000 грн
BL Service. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Електронщик
Електронік
Інженер електроніки
Embedded developer
Embedded engineer
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата embedded engineer у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3808500
Гарячі вакансії
Junior support developer.
Media Valent. Київ.
Front-end Developer.
UMG (United marketing group). Київ.
Business analyst (intern).
Innoware. Київ.
Customer support representative.
16 000 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам IT-услуг (B2B, входящая линия).
15 000 – 25 000 грн.
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Руководитель IT-проекта, COO, Product owner (Senior SEO).
72 000 грн.*
So-Hosting. Київ.
Інженер-програміст.
ПроМотор. Київ.
Junior SEO Specialist.
DexDigital. Київ.
Руководитель отдела по привлечению веб-мастеров.
Admitad GmbH. Київ.
Customer support representative.
Кваліті Юніт Україна. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Embedded engineer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor