Вакансія: Senior data analyst, компанія Eurosender, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Data analyst
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 13 лютого 2020
Senior data analyst
Eurosender
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Володимирська, 10.
0,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
If you would like to be part of a fast-growing European startup and embark on the journey of supporting the marketing growth, we welcome you to our team in Kyiv.We have one spot available in our international team for a data-driven person with a deep understanding of different digital marketing channels or similar acquisition/trigger paths such as in-app purchases.The key role of our new team member will be to optimize data sources, arrange data, analyze data and based on the analysis arrange clear, actionable marketing, UX and product tasks and to-dos.We are looking for people with proven experience in the analysis of marketing or similar channels (such as in-app purchases) and top-notch expertise in the tools most commonly used to solve complex problems (Excel, Power BI / Tableau or similar).What will you do:
develop, implement, and maintain leading-edge analytic systems, taking complicated problems and building frameworks;
identify trends and opportunities for growth through analysis of complex data sets;
use web analytics tools to monitor the traffic on the website, set the key performance metrics & monitor the visitor trends;
prepare reports and projections based on data mining and analysis on new and returning website visitors;
evaluate internal systems for efficiency, problems, inaccuracies and identify drop-out rates of visitors;
determine the key areas with potential to turn visitors into prospective customers and the relevancy of different micro-conversions methods into the buying process;
work directly with management and provide insights, gather requirements and play a big role in helping make informed decisions and mitigate risks related to marketing projects.
What background are we looking for and would make your induction easier?
2+ year of relevant working experience in a similar position;
proven experience with Google Analytics or other different analytics tools,
strong in creating statistical analysis and making growth projections,
deep understanding of the difference between marketing outlets and their interconnection;
ability to structure data into reports, presentations and insightful dashboards;
pro-active and entrepreneurial attitude.
What do we offer?
a fast-paced environment and diverse daily work challenges,
opportunity to work in a multicultural, young and growing team,
casual Friday team gatherings over a cup of coffee & croissants,
health insurance after a successful probation period,
office in Kyiv center with a friendly atmosphere.
Eurosender is a modern digital platform that combines advanced automation for companies to create their own digital logistics department and increase their performance.At Eurosender, we are building the industry’s most comprehensive logistics platform that is able to capture the digital demand of shippers in different geographies, draw prospective clients and identify the best logistics solutions for their shipping needs.Eurosender is headquartered in Luxembourg, LU and has offices in Berlin, London, Ljubljana, Kiev and Gdynia.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior data scientist
Vodafone Україна. Київ.
Data Analyst BI
Київстар. Київ.
Data Analyst
3Shape Ukraine. Київ.
Адміністратор бази даних
Watsons Україна (ДЦ Україна, ТОВ). Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Адміністратор баз даних
Data scientist
Аналітик
Інженер-програміст
Analyst
Data analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата data analyst у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3808273
Гарячі вакансії
Data analyst.
Voki Games. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Data analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor