Вакансія: IOS Team Lead, компанія Ajax Systems, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Тім лід
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Гаряча вакансія
IOS Team Lead
Ajax Systems
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Семена Скляренка, 5.
6,7 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Ajax Systems is a full-cycle company working from idea generation and R&D to mass production and sales. We do everything: we produce physical devices (the system includes many different sensors and hubs), write firmware for them, develop the server part and release mobile applications. The whole team is in one office in Kyiv, all technical and product decisions are made locally.We’re looking for an iOS Team Leader to join us and continue the evolution of a product that we love: someone who takes pride in their work to ensure that user experience and development quality are superb. You’ll lead a team in developing new features and implementing changes to existing features, and continuously strive to improve the codebase by refactoring to modern development and architectural practices and guidance.Required skills:
5+ years of experience in iOS development and at least 2 years in leading teams
A deep familiarity with Swift, Objective-C
Experience working with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, Core Graphics and Core Text
Experience with third-party libraries, APIs (Firebase, Sentry, etc) and custom frameworks
Experience in developing multithreaded applications
Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications
Advanced understanding of code versioning tools (Git)
Experienced user of CocoaPods
Test zealot, familiar with Automation testing for iOS
Solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle, OOP principles, design patterns
Strong systems/process orientation with demonstrated analytical thinking, organizational skills and problem solving skills
Passion for software engineering, learning and continuous improvement.
Would be a plus:
Practical experience with video streams
HomeKit experience
Tasks and responsibilities:
Guide team development and testing efforts towards successful project delivery
Maintain high standards of software quality within the team by establishing good practices and habits.
Design, build, and maintain high performance, reusable, and reliable code
Suggest technical and functional improvements to add value to the product
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new application features
Lead and contribute to peer code reviews
Identify options for potential solutions and assessing them for both technical and business suitability
With us you will enjoy
Working with a team of people to build the future of an industry
Non-trivial challenges and various specter of interesting tasks
A flexible, friendly and collaborative work environment
Corporate culture based on common sense
Opportunities to influence the creation of new products and their quality
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Business Development Team Lead
Squro. Київ.
SEO Team Lead
Онлайн разработки. Київ.
Team leader (русский, english, arabic), 70 000 – 200 000 грн
Sky Union Holdings. Київ.
QA Team Lead (Manual)
IT-Star. Київ.
Team Lead, developer (PL/SQL, MS SQL, Oracle)
Діла, медична лабораторія. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Team leader
Team lead
Програміст PHP
Python developer
Python-програміст
PHP developer
Розробник PHP
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата тім ліда у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3818141
Гарячі вакансії
Media Buying Team Lead.
Lime Consulting. Київ.
Email Marketing Team Lead.
TemplateMonster. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor