Вакансія: Technical team assistant (Advanced English), компанія Access Softek, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 14 лютого 2020
Technical team assistant (Advanced English)
Access Softek
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ
Дистанційна робота.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Access Softek is a digital banking software company headquartered in Berkeley, California with offices in Manhattan, Chicago, and Vancouver. We are known for our digital banking solutions: online banking, mobile banking, omnichannel lending, and omnichannel account opening. Since 1986, Access Softek has continued to unveil cutting-edge industry firsts. We were mobile-first when most people were still learning how to text on their flip-phones. Since then we’ve helped our customers be first-to-market with dozens of new features like real-time deposits, P2P transfers, mobile lending, and online biometrics.Today our 300+ employees are serving over 400 financial institutions and reaching over 3 million mobile banking end-users every month. Our ongoing focus is on innovation: mobile-first, machine-learning, and A.I. everywhereThis position is full time and remote. Mandatory working hours: 14:00 — 22:00 (GMT+2)Responsibilities:
Maintain a schedule — sprint dates, ceremonies, and meeting logistics — for several distributed scrum teams.
Balance schedules against multinational holidays, the needs of the teams, and the needs of customers.
Facilitate the operations of a 20-person product management team. Additional administrative projects as needed.
Requirements:
Excellent written and spoken English
Experience in planning and administration
Experience working with software teams
Experience working with distributed teams
Familiarity (note for recruiters: they need knowledge but not necessarily experience) with agile methodologies, especially scrum
Demonstrated ability to learn quickly and take on a variety of tasks
Demonstrated ability to work independently and meet deadlines
Flexible hours include some overlap with U.S. Pacific Time.
Our benefits:
Work from anywhere in the world!
Competitive salary
Possible relocation to the USA (Canada) after achieving impactful results
Compensation vacation (15 days off in a year)
Global corporate events for all employees
Internet compensation (50$ per month)
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Оператор онлайн-чата со знанием английского языка, 10 000 – 25 000 грн
DreamLife. Київ.
Technical Writer
Moneyveo. Київ.
Помощник руководителя, 25 000 – 35 000 грн
Фортуна, рекрутинговое агентство. Київ.
Technical Support Engineer
Pragmatic Play Ukraine LLC. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Секретаріат, діловодство, АГВ
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3749816
Тренінги по темі «Technical team assistant (Advanced English)»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor