Вакансія: System administrator, 25 000 – 30 000 грн, компанія Mountain Track, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Системний адміністратор
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Гаряча вакансія
System administrator
25 000 – 30 000 грн
Mountain Track
Транспорт, логістика;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, Либідська площа.
4,1 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Position Title: System AdministratorStart Date: ASAPPay: Starting from $1000 (Based on interview results)Shift: 15:00—00:00 (Kiev time)Position Summary:The System Administrator is a key role in the organization whose job it is to make sure that all software works properly and all workers provided with equipment. The position will be responsible to work with a different departments and also in cooperation with our System Administrator based in Chicago office.Responsibilities:
Installing and configuring computer hardware, software, network devices, printers, etc.
Monitoring and maintaining computer systems and networks
Responding in a timely manner to service issues and requests
Providing technical support across the company (this may be in person or remote)
Setting up accounts for new users
Repairing and replacing equipment as necessary
Testing new technology
Training staff on technology
Integrate staff with new clients' software and ensure data security between companies
Support technology needs of multiple clients integrating with our company
Skills Required:
Have excellent English-speaking skills (Advanced level) and be comfortable supporting English-speaking users.
Be familiar with Windows Active Directory and Windows Server, Synology NAS, VoIP phone systems, Office 365, and Microsoft Teams
Be able to be proactive and make sure that goals are met
Take responsibility for results and be diffuse situations
Ability to understand and prioritize in stressful situations
Be a problem solver and diffuse tense situations
Be a team player
Possess strong organizational skills
Working Conditions:
Work from office in Kiev (Lybidska station)
Official work
Partial transportation reimbursement provided
Paid Time Off — Vacation
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Системный администратор, 10 000 – 25 000 грн
Суперадмин. Київ.
Системний адміністратор, інженер-електрик
Гранд Тесла, ТОВ. Київ.
Системный администратор
IT-Star. Київ.
Системный администратор
Codemotion. Київ.
DevOps Engineer (Gambling)
Sigma Software. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Системний адміністратор
DevOps engineer
Системний інженер
Інженер комп'ютерних систем
System administrator
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата системного адміністратора у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3755682
Гарячі вакансії
Оператор call-центра (входящая линия).
10 000 грн.*
Датагруп. Київ.
Электронщик по ремонту блоков управления погрузчиков, складской техники.
15 000 – 30 000 грн.*
Логистик групп, ООО. Київ.
Sales Manager (English, Spanish desk).
Prosperity Case LLC. Київ.
Junior business analyst.
Innoware. Київ.
Керівник проектів розвитку OSS-систем.
Київстар. Київ.
Програміст 1C 7.
Импеpия-холдинг, ООО. Київ.
IOS Team Lead.
Ajax Systems. Київ.
Специалист по работе с задолженностью, коллектор (call-центр, soft-collection).
20 000 грн.
Фактор, коллекторское агентство. Київ.
QA engineer.
Voki Games. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами, оператор call-центра.
15 000 грн.*
Директ-Телеком-Сервис, ООО. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor