Вакансія: E-commerce Systems Developer, компанія Gameloft, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 13 лютого 2020
E-commerce Systems Developer
Gameloft
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків, проспект Незалежності, 10.
1,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Reporting to the Technical Manager, the successful candidate will be in charge of developing, fixing and maintaining systems allowing us to distribute our games and in-game content. These systems include web services, internal tools and back-end components used by other developers.Working with teams around the world, the candidate must have good communication skills and be able to manage several projects at the same time.Requirements:
University or college degree in Computer Science or a related field.
At least 3 years experience in programming
Excellent PHP programming skills to produce optimized code
OOP skills
Refactoring skills
Knowledge of design patterns
Good knowledge of databases (MySQL)
Good communication and organizational skills
Able to work quickly and under pressure
Upper-intermediate English.
Assets:
Microservices development experience
Devops (Docker, Kubernetes, etc.)
Experience with managed services of AWS
Experience with NoSQL
Experience with Memcached, Redis and other caching technologies.
Experience with Zend Framework
Good knowledge of web technologies such as Javascript/Ajax/xhtml/CSS
Why work for Gameloft?
Comprehensive benefits package.
Career-development opportunities.
An exceptional, dynamic, demanding and motivating working environment within a fast growing company.
Challenging and rewarding work on the next great frontiers in games
An international environment which offers daily contact with other countries & cultures.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
PHP Developer
IT Svit. Харків.
Strong Middle Java Developer (Logistic domain)
Sigma Software. Харків.
Senior/Middle .NET Core разработчик в Киев, 36 000 – 100 000 грн
Пей Пер Колл. Харків.
1С-разработчик, 25 000 – 35 000 грн
TrueConf. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3562110
Тренінги по темі «E-commerce Systems Developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor