Вакансія: Helpdesk Engineer for Ciklum, компанія Ciklum, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
HelpDesk engineer
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Гаряча вакансія
Helpdesk Engineer for Ciklum
Ciklum
· VIP
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Ciklum is looking for driven and successful Helpdesk Engineer to join our IT Department in Kyiv.It is a position for self-organized, assiduous and highly motivated talents who would like to develop their career in a big international IT company. Responsibilities:
Service Desk System tickets management
Technical assistance of users
Diagnostics of incoming tasks
Remote users support
Helpdesk processes improvement
Holding the educational meetings
Updating the documentation
Requirements:
Education — higher
Experience on similar position from 1−2 years
English — intermediate
High level of communication is a must
Calm, responsible, initiative, self-organized, eager to learn
What’s in it for you?
Variety of knowledge sharing and training opportunities
Career and professional growth
Competitive salary
Possibility to work in a big and successful company
Long-term employment with 20 working-days paid vacation and other social benefits
About Ciklum:Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain.As Ciklum employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the US IoT World Hackathon, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed.Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Technical Support Engineer
Pragmatic Play Ukraine LLC. Київ.
Инженер технической поддержки, 15 000 грн
Smart touch POS. Київ.
Специалист технической поддержки 1С в Полтаву, 2 000 грн
Бейкень Энергетика Украина, ООО. Київ.
Инженер технической поддержки, 15 000 грн
Антенор. Київ.
Інженер з технічної підтримки та супроводження
Банкомзв'язок, АТ. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Спеціаліст технічної підтримки
Customer support specialist
Менеджер по роботі з замовниками
Спеціаліст підтримки користувачів
HelpDesk engineer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата HelpDesk engineer у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3744119
Гарячі вакансії
Customer support representative with knowing English.
8 000 – 16 000 грн.*
Telovox, LLC. Київ.
Оператор техподдержки (английский язык, call-центр).
13 000 грн.
Benish GPS. Київ.
Customer support representative.
16 000 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Technical Support Engineer for Ciklum Digital (2000007E).
Ciklum. Київ.
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer support representative.
Кваліті Юніт Україна. Київ.
Специалист технической поддержки.
10 000 грн.
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Системный администратор, специалист технической поддержки.
14 000 грн.*
Hostlife. Київ.
Оператор технічної підтримки.
15 000 грн.*
Кнайпа Pro. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor