Вакансія: QA Engineer, 15 000 – 20 000 грн, компанія Softermii Inc., робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Тестувальник
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 14 лютого 2020
QA Engineer
15 000 – 20 000 грн
Softermii Inc.
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Requirements:
0,5 + years of working experience in software quality assurance;
Experience in testing Mobile (for iOS and Android platforms)/Web applications and Web services;
Understanding mobile testing specifics, knowledge of UI guidelines, hands-on experience releasing mobile apps to App/Play stores
Adb/X-Code/Android SDK practical knowledge on a level required to perform day-to-day testing tasks (debugging, checking logs, applications installation, etc.)
Understanding of the way Webworks — HTTP, AJAX, JSON, etc.
Experience or good understanding with backend testing;
Experience with any bug tracking tool;
Programming knowledge will be a good plus;
Upper-Intermediate level of English, both written and verbal is a must, required well-developed communication skills.
Demonstrates analytical thinking, strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail;
Self-motivated, able to work independently and handle multiple projects in a very fast-paced environment;
Good communication skills.
Benefits:
Flexible schedule;
A unique work environment where you can be a part of creating a new and innovative product;
Work with high-profile customers;
Friendly multi-cultural team;
Competitive salary & career growth opportunities;
English courses;
5 days of paid sick leave per year;
21 working days of paid vacation;
Convenient office location.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle QA Automation Engineer (C#), 50 000 – 65 000 грн
Softwarium. Київ.
QA automation engineer
Eldorado. Київ.
QA Engineer
Dnipro-M. Київ.
QA Lead
Bintime. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Тестувальник
QA engineer
QA-інженер
Tester
Системний адміністратор
DevOps engineer
System administrator
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата тестувальника у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3824794
Гарячі вакансії
Event, PR-manager, Project-менеджер (IT).
Web Academy. Київ.
Business Intelligence Senior Analyst.
Київстар. Київ.
Специалист технической поддержки.
10 000 грн.
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Системный администратор, специалист технической поддержки.
14 000 грн.*
Hostlife. Київ.
Інженер-програміст.
ПроМотор. Київ.
Media Buying Team Lead.
Lime Consulting. Київ.
Junior support developer.
Media Valent. Київ.
Customer support representative.
Кваліті Юніт Україна. Київ.
Контент-менеджер.
Lime Consulting. Київ.
PHP developer.
UMG (United marketing group). Київ.
Тренінги по темі «QA engineer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor