Вакансія: Full-Stack Developer, 36 700 – 75 000 грн, компанія Eventige LLC, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Full stack програміст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 13 лютого 2020
Full-Stack Developer
36 700 – 75 000 грн
Eventige LLC
Маркетинг, реклама, PR;
10–50 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість, дистанційна робота.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Опис вакансії
Full-Stack Developer / eCommercePlease apply and explain your current salary and your salary requirement in USD. The Salary Range for this position is $1500 to 2500+ Per Month.We Will Negotiate Based On Experience And Qualifications.Мы интернациональная команда, в которую входят русскоязычные люди. В рабочем процессе осуществляется полная поддержка на русском и английском языках. Общение в рабочем чате и отправка электронных писем осуществляется на английском языке. Собеседование проходит на русском языке.Excellent English is required for this position in order to succeed.Soft-Skills and Team-Building/Management are also required for this position.Job DescriptionAs our Full-Stack Developer, you’ll work in a fast-paced agency environment for coding, business challenge solving, writing Python scripts, working on backend and frontend projects, and helping us grow businesses.This is a full-time remote position. You must be available from 8 am to 5 pm, Eastern time, Monday to Friday but we also offer Kiev/Ukraine time and Moscow Time options as well.You will be developing internal and client-facing web apps, web pages, and using collaborative tools with a team of other developers. This position involves the entire process creating the function, display, and flow of all web development projects. You assist clients in improving the reliability of their websites and eCommerce stores. As the role takes into consideration user experience and function, a certain level of both graphic design and computer programming is necessary.We work on developing ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Systems, setup and design of Business Processes and Business Automation Systems. Our Full-Stack Developer must have experience in the planning and the delivery of web applications across multiple platforms and be adaptable and comfortable with daily pivots and changes to scope of work as client needs change.We work a lot with Shopify, HubSpot, BigCommerce, ERP System API’s, and Connecting Custom Scripts On Local Servers / GitHub To Manage Data-Flow.Technical Skills / Requirements
Computer Science Masters Degree From Top School A Big Plus
Frontend (HTML‚ CSS/SASS, JavaScript) Development — 6+ Years
A+ Experience with PHP / Python / Node — 6+ Years
A+ Experience with PostgreSQL, MySQL, or other database technology
A+ Experience with WordPress / Shopify / BigCommerce / Magento
B+ Experience with HubSpot CRM / HubSpot API / CRM Systems
A+ Experience with GitHub & Working In Repository Environments
A+ Experience with RESTful APIs On Variety of Systems
Some Experience With Backend Server Architecture / Hardware
Photoshop / InDesign / Figma / Sketch / Illustrator / MarvelApp
HTML Email Development / Email & Social Media Marketing
Responsibilities
Regular Interaction and Communication With Management
Your Ability to Apply Your Expertise to Solve Technical Problems
Position Requires Constant Written & Oral Communication
Planning & Delivering Software Platforms Used Across Multiple Units
Applying Security Principles to eCommerce Applications
Remote Structure | Company Provided Home OfficeEventige Media Group offers skilled professionals a full-time remote working opportunity. We provide a complete virtual home office, including a computer, two monitors, Polycom phone and high-speed internet connection.Our team members all work remotely and connect in real-time through our PMS (Project Management Systems).Candidates must feel very comfortable working in a remote structure, be extremely responsible, excellent with time management, and able to meet deadlines with minimal supervision.Why Apply For The EMG Full-Stack Developer Position?1. You are looking to work on 100% USA Brands and complex projects with very interesting growth goals and business challenges. 2. You have meticulous level of attention to detail, reporting, documentation, utter integrity, professionalism, and are looking to contribute to a fast-paced and growing team of very talented team-members in Ukraine, New York City, and United Kingdom.3. You have a proven track record of fast problem solving and finding unique solutions to solve common problems in businesses, such as eCommerce Store Setup, Data-Management, Security, Compliance, UX/UI, and Project-Flow. 4. You have a comfortable Home Office and working environment and are looking to work 100% Remote but in a full-time and structured capacity. All team members work a standard 40+ Hour working week, report on hours worked, have frequent team meetings in English & Russian, and work together through Project Management Systems. 5. You are looking to grow your career fast using the latest systems, tools, and through application of experience in technical coding, team-building, team-management and project management solutions.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Full Stack Developer (Middle), 30 000 – 60 000 грн
WillBeCoded. Київ.
Full stack developer
DexDigital. Київ.
Full-stack программист (Yii2/CraftCMS/Vue.js), 10 000 – 25 000 грн
NetSolutions. Київ.
Full-stack web-розробник PHP, 50 000 – 75 000 грн
Worksection. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата full stack програміста у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3803723
Гарячі вакансії
Контент-менеджер.
14 000 грн.
Bodo. Київ.
Front-end Developer.
UMG (United marketing group). Київ.
Customer Support Consultant (fluent English, German, Spanish, French).
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Продавец Apple-продукции, аксессуаров.
15 000 грн.
ILounge. Київ.
Системный администратор, специалист технической поддержки.
14 000 грн.*
Hostlife. Київ.
Customer Care Expert (English).
WIX. Київ.
Интернет-маркетолог.
LuckyLook. Київ.
Senior QA Engineer/Automation.
Codeminders. Київ.
Full Stack Developer.
36 000 – 60 000 грн.
Top-invest.club. Київ.
Junior support developer.
Media Valent. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Full stack developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor