Вакансія: Senior Java Engineer, компанія Cosylab Ukraine, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Java engineer
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 14 лютого 2020
Senior Java Engineer
Cosylab Ukraine
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, Shota Rustaveli Street, 20.
1,3 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Requirements:
Strong Java 8 programming skills;
Java 8, maven, Eclipse
3+ years professional experience
Git repositories, Gitlab, Continuous integration
Desired:
RHEL/Centos, bash, Scala 2, Zero MQ, mockito, Immutables
JavaFX, 1+ years developing GUI
Experience with C++, C#, Python is a plus
Project 1:
Revolutionary new cancer treatment using proton particle therapy (cutting edge hi-tech project)
Large medical application (for hospitals) that controls the operation of particle accelerator
System composed of a set of Java 8 micro-services connected through a zeroMQ-based communication middleware
External hardware components are connected through adapters, which allows to support different external hardware by implementing the necessary interface for that adapter
Working conditions:
Competitive salary
Professional and friendly workplace
Encouraging environment for professional development & personal growth
Work environment with flexible working hours and occasional remote work
Desirable trip for 2−3 weeks to Cosylab HQ in Ljubljana to get familiar with the project
About Cosylab:
Fast growing hi-tech company specializing in control systems for some of the humanity’s biggest projects, like fusion reactors, particle accelerators and telescopes
200+ employees worldwide, in HQ in Ljubljana, and in our branches in Sweden, Switzerland, USA, China and Japan
Cosylab Proton Therapy: https://www.cosylab.com/particle-therapy/
Life at Cosylab: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GzudXjIo2NI
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior Java Developer
Livatek. Київ.
Senior Java Developer, 100 000 грн
Київ.
Senior Java Developer/Team Lead
Atlas IAC. Київ.
Java Developer (Middle/Senior)
Sportmaster, мережа спортивних супермаркетів. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Програміст Java
Java developer
Тестувальник
QA engineer
QA-інженер
Tester
Java engineer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата Java engineer у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3649910
Тренінги по темі «Java engineer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor