Вакансія: Data Engineer (Global Music Company), компанія DataArt, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 14 лютого 2020
Data Engineer (Global Music Company)
DataArt
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Смаль-Стоцького, 1.
2,6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Our client is a global music and entertainment industry conglomerate headquartered in the US with offices in over 40 countries.Currently, the company plans to expand the team and run the following projects: processing tools for new artists and tracks, license and rights management, marketing, and A/R activity.Projects and applications will be built around the concept of a unified data storage system. This will help develop products that best fit business goals.Required Skills and Experience
Good knowledge of the general principles of Big Data
Good knowledge of Java, Scala
Experience in developing distributed systems
Design and development experience in the Amazon Web Service environment (CloudWatch, S3, Step Functions, Lambda, Batch, Kinesis, EMR, Glue, Databricks)
Knowledge of Apache Spark, Snowflake
Experience working with DynamoDB, Big Table, Aurora
Experience in parallel computing
Experience working with Git
Spoken English
Additional Competencies
Experience working with of Atlassian products: JIRA, Confluence
Experience working with CI-tools (Jenkins)
Knowledge of monitoring tools (DataDog)
DataArt offers:
Professional Development:
— Experienced colleagues who are ready to share knowledge; — The ability to switch projects, technology stacks, try yourself in different roles;— More than 150 workplaces for advanced training; — Study and practice of English: courses and communication with colleagues and clients from different countries; — Support of speakers who make presentations at conferences and meetings of technology communities.
The ability to focus on your work: a lack of bureaucracy and micromanagement, and convenient corporate services;
Friendly atmosphere, concern for the comfort of specialists;
Flexible schedule and the ability to work remotely;
The ability to work in any of our development centers.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle Front End Developer
Yellow Recruiting Company. Львів.
Data analyst
Artelogic. Львів.
Document management specialist (data entry)
PLS Logistics Services. Львів.
Інженер з ремонту комп'ютерної техніки
Техніка для бізнесу, ТзОВ. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3809868
Тренінги по темі «Data Engineer (Global Music Company)»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor