Вакансія: Junior Game Tester, компанія Ubisoft, робота в Одесі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
в Одесі
Тестер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 14 лютого 2020
Junior Game Tester
Ubisoft
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Одеса, провулок Віце-Адмірала Жукова, 17/19.
0,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
Company DescriptionUbisoft is one of the leaders in entertainment, with a rich portfolio of well-known brands worldwide. In Ukraine Ubisoft has two studios, Ubisoft Kiev and Ubisoft Odesa, which focus on strengthening Ubisoft’s presence on all platforms, with the main expertize in PC. Ubisoft Kiev was established in 2008 and is one of the biggest GameDev studios in Ukraine that collaborated on blockbusters like Assassin’s Creed®, Far Cry®, Steep®, Watch Dogs®, Trials®, Rainbow Six®, Ghost Recon ® and more. Ubisoft Odesa was opened in March 2018 and takes part in the development of Ubisoft’s world-known franchises.Job DescriptionDo you want to see your name in credits of Ubisoft’s game? Do you consistently look for learning opportunities and aim higher? Are you excited by the idea of communicating with IT professionals from all over the world? Are you passionate about technology and video games? You can follow you dream together with Ubisoft and friendly, talented people who are creating the future of entertainment.We are happy to open a new test team in Odesa that, together with teams from multiple foreign Ubisoft studios, will work on PC and console versions of future AAA Ubisoft titles. We are driven by our desire to ship and constantly take on greater challenges.If you want to join the industry leading developer of video games and grow inside the unique learning environment, Ubisoft Odesa has an opportunity for you! At Ubisoft, we offer an open environment where bright ideas are given a chance to shine and everyone is eager to share knowledge.Challenge accepted? Join us and create the unknown.Responsibilities:As part of Ubisoft QC Department, you will take an important role in a complex and exciting process of quality control.
One of your main responsibilities will be to ensure that required quality expectations of millions of our consumers worldwide will be met or exceed.
You will collaborate with development teams from all over the world and perform thorough tests of the game components before release and use logic methods for this purpose.
You will identify, isolate and document encountered defects in the bug tracking system according to the existing requirements.
You will develop and execute test cases for the assigned game scope, report about the received results.
You will assure the fact that the product you are responsible for raises itself to the internal and highest external standards of the industry, by checking that a sum of well-defined criteria is fulfilled.
You will get to know and apply the latest test management software and other advanced tools in order to assess functionality of the game elements.
You will have an opportunity to share own suggestions and feedback with production teams and have an impact on the used game design solutions, content and features.
Computers with the newest hardware, modern video game consoles and controllers will be at your disposal.
QualificationsRequirements:
Good knowledge and understanding of testing theory and project development life cycle (completed courses is a plus, but not mandatory)
Strong interest in and genuine passion for video games (rich gaming experience and good knowledge of the different game genres), being familiar with gaming terminology (as a plus)
Solid knowledge in the areas of PC and console hardware and specific features
At least intermediate English (both written and spoken)
Strong motivation to work and develop in the video game industry
Good time management and analytical skills
Patience and attentiveness to details
Good interpersonal and communication skills
Ability to work as a part of a team
Creativity, initiative and curiosity
Additional informationConditions and benefits:
Covered vacation of 20 working days, paid sick leaves
Working hours — from 9.00 until 18.00 Monday to Friday (with one-hour lunch break to have rest, enjoy games or sleep on bean bag)
International AAA game projects
Big variety of career and development opportunities
Opportunity to work with the colleagues from all over the world
Medical and life insurance after successfully completed probation period
English or French courses after successfully completed probation period
Free access to all Ubisoft games on PC platform
Learning opportunities, knowledge-sharing sessions and online platforms that provide an opportunity to increase own expertise in various domains
Team-buildings
Welcoming and relaxing workplace
Snacks in the office
Due to the high number of applications which we regularly receive it will take us up to 14 working days to come back to you with the answer and feedback. Please be patient!To apply — please follow this link: https://smrtr.io/3ws6F
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Junior QA Engineer (Serpstat)
Serpstat. Одеса.
Junior QA Engineer
Provectus. Одеса.
Junior QA Engineer (manual)
HYS Enterprise. Одеса.
Middle Manual QA Engineer
Skilum. Одеса.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади в Одесі
Тестувальник
QA engineer
QA-інженер
Tester
Системний адміністратор
DevOps engineer
System administrator
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота в Одесі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата тестера в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3712022
Тренінги по темі «Tester»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor