Вакансія: Full Stack developer, Team Lead, компанія Cubex, робота у Запоріжжі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Запоріжжі
Тім лід
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Full Stack developer, Team Lead
Salary is being calculated according to the results of interview
Cubex
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Запоріжжя
Аделина ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Hello! We are CubeX company and We are looking for Full Stack Developer with work experience in a team. The person we are looking for is eager to improve the working process, can manage a team, ready to take responsibility and deliver great results.We consider candidates from all over UkraineRequirements:
2+ years working experience with JavaScript and/or PHP
Good knowledge of Angular (JS), React, Vue — at least 1 of them
Good knowledge of NodeJS and/or PHP frameworks
— NodeJS: Express, Koa, Meteor, Sails— PHP: Laravel, CodeIgniterAt least 1 of them in perfection
Excellent understanding of OOP and design patterns
Experience working with SQL, NoSQL databases
Code review experience
Experience in team management
Experience with cloud API integrations (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, Payment Gateways, etc.)
Responsible approach to the fulfillment of the tasks
High level of self-organization, solid communication skills, ability to work in a team, ability to develop and help a team
You will need:
Purely write the code
Ensure fast and stable operation of interfaces
Interact with API and back-end
Management and support junior developers
Develop, support projects, learn new technologies and work in a team
We offer:
A worthy motivational part
Schedule: Mon-Fri. from 9:00 to 18:00
Official employment with social package
Work on interesting projects in a team of professionals
Opportunity for professional growth and career development
A lot of interesting working days with friendly team and management
Convenient office location
Delicious coffee, tea and cookies
Salary is being calculated according to the results of interviewWe are waiting for your portfolio: [відгукнутися]We will be glad to see you in our team!For all questions, please contact:
Показати телефон
Показати телефонhttps://qbex.io/
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Laravel, Full Stack, PHP, Web Developer в Flexi IT, 15 000 – 50 000 грн
Черевко А.И., ФЛП. Запоріжжя.
Full-stack, Javascript, web developer
ReZet. Запоріжжя.
Full-Stack Web Developer, 20 000 – 40 000 грн
Devfofun. Запоріжжя.
PHP full-stack developer, 27 000 грн
Uran Company. Запоріжжя.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Запоріжжі
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Запоріжжі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата тім ліда в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3061514
Тренінги по темі «Full stack developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor