Вакансія: Full Stack Developer (Webtools), компанія Gameloft, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Full stack програміст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Full Stack Developer (Webtools)
Gameloft
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків, проспект Незалежності, 10.
1,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Gameloft is looking for a skilled full stack developer in order to build customized web-based internal applications.Why join us:
Improve your skills and techniques to meet the demands of ever growing business processes
Work with complex / critical to production processes applications
Improve your knowledge on designing and building scalable enterprise applications, work on databases with high concurrency and big data sets, design and improve existing application server architecture.
New challenges and opportunities every day as the business needs evolve
Key areas of responsibility:
Building new projects from scratch (design, development, deployment)
Ensure ongoing support for delivered projects
Work closely with the product owners in order to understand and implement their requests
Requirements:
Good experience with PHP and MySQL
Good knowledge of frameworks (Symfony / Angular are preferred)
Good frontend design abilities • Good communication skills and an agile mindset • Good English speaking and writing skills are a must; • Rigor and autonomy are essential.
Show willingness to self-improve and be keen on learning new technologies
Self-motivation
Ability to quickly integrate in a multinational team, work with remote teams
Being able to cope well with changes in the team and/or the projects you are working on
Benefits:
Professional working environment;
Supportive working climate, a young team with a free communication style and also the possibility to make outstanding performances fairly rewarded;
Expand your technical knowledge
Friendly atmosphere and support for personal growth
Our technology stack consists of various programming languages (PHP, Javascript TypeScript, RxJS), popular frameworks (Symfony, Angular), database systems (MySQL), and technologies such as: GIT, SVN, Rabbit MQ, Amazon Web Services, Docker.The team’s portfolio covers :
Production QA Tools
Customer Care systems
Tools for the Community Management teams
Software for the Hardware Management departments
Global organizational strategy applications
Build management submission tools
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Full Stack Web Developer, 12 000 – 26 000 грн
Web Design Sun. Харків.
Strong Junior Full Stack JavaScript Developer
MaybeWorks. Харків.
Senior Java Full Stack Developer
NIX Solutions. Харків.
Junior Java Full Stack Developer
NIX Solutions. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата full stack програміста в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3824456
Тренінги по темі «Full stack developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor