Вакансія: Full-Stack Java Developer, компанія Mediastream company, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Програміст Java
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 22 березня 2020
Full-Stack Java Developer
От 2500$ в месяц
Mediastream company
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Паторжинського, 6.
0,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Media Stream AG is a Liechtenstein-based software development company dedicated in software solutions for Gaming and Betting industry. We are growing fast and now our company has headquarter in the Lichtenstein, offices in Barcelona, Malta and Kyiv.Our client is the biggest independent virtual sports provider within the globe. The platform provides virtual sports games like Football, Tennis, Basketball, Races, and Lotteries. Our team in Kyiv has developed the system from scratch and it is still actively growing.It’s a challenging High-Load ongoing project, currently we are generating 1 million tickets per day and operating in the US, Spain, Italy, Austria, Hong-Kong, Brasil, Nigeria, Colombia.We use Agile Development, 2 weeks sprints, Jira / Confluence for project flow.Requirements:● Proficiency in Java working experience of at least 2 years● At least 1 year of experience in Front-End development (React.JS is preferred)● Knowledge of Spring, Hibernate, RDBMS (MySQL), Maven, REST● Familiarity with HTML5, CSS3, Sass, Webpack● Intermediate or higher spoken and written English for daily communication with the international team● Solid foundation in Computer Science (algorithms, data structures, design patterns, etc.)Project Technology Stack:● Java 8 / Spring Boot / Hibernate / React.JS / GWTResponsibilities:● Develop robust supportable Java code of backend● Develop front-end components with React JS● Development testing and code-reviewWhat we offer: — This is a full-time and long-term assignment— Opportunity to work over huge international projects with talented colleagues— Regular performance-based compensation reviews— 24 calendar days paid vacation, medical insurance, paid sick-leaves— Comfortable office space with a perfect view to the Kiev-city center— 50% compensation for relevant conference and courses for your professional growth— English classes provided by native speakers— Business trips to Liechtenstein— Overtime" word is unknown in our company— Team buildings and corporate events— Fruits, cakes/biscuits, tea/coffeeAnd much more!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
PHP Full-Stack Developer, 18 000 – 35 000 грн
Aidalab. Київ.
Full-Stack Web-программист
4Team. Київ.
Full stack PHP developer (middle)
Booking Algorithms. Київ.
Java Engineer (Communications Solutions)
DataArt. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста Java у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3855258
Гарячі вакансії
Java Developer.
Micro Focus. Київ.
Senior Full Stack Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Full stack developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor