Вакансія: Full stack developer, компанія Beetroot, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Full stack програміст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Full stack developer
Beetroot · VIP
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків, вулиця Сумська, 82.
1,5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Опис вакансії
Beetroot is happy to announce we are looking for a new team member. We need a brilliant Full-Stack Developer to join us in supporting our growing client in Oslo, Norway.We are looking for an experienced Full Stack Developer with high quality and ethical standards to jump in and be a part of our engineering team. You will work with our high-performing team to build and maintain the digital examination platform that is used by millions of examinees and test candidates every year. Specifically, your role will be to drive the development of the core product. Along with other developers, UX designers, and data scientists, you will build delightful end-user experiences that re-invent educational assessments for the 21st century. In our collaboration model, you will work and communicate directly with the development team on the client side.Responsibilities:
Develop solid and maintainable back-end code using Java and other services: Elasticsearch, DynamoDB, Oracle DB, AWS S3, SQS, etc.
Write concrete and maintainable front-end code using React or similar frameworks
Automate tests using tools like Selenium, Junit or Jasmine
Rapidly solve problems and x bugs
Collaborate with business analysts to translate business requirements into technical requirements
Participate in on-call rotation, Promote knowledge sharing, and DevOps culture across our entire engineering department
What we are looking for:
An eye for clean, testable, maintainable, and well-functioning code.
Ideally, experienced in working on large projects with many other developers
Background in the latest frontend technologies (e.g. ECMAScript 2018, TypeScript, Webpack, etc.)
In-depth knowledge of at least one JavaScript framework (e.g. React, Vue, or Angular)
Strong Java (or similar) skills
Experience with test automation — Selenium, Junit, Jasmine or comparable tools
Strong understanding of web standards, cross-browser compatibility, and CSS-based design
Production experience with continuous integration
Experience with cloud platforms, preferably AWS, Oracle RDS, NoSQL databases and caching layers
Experience working with REST APIs Familiarity; performance and security best practices
Passion, drive, energy, a sense of humor and a great attitude!
Bonus:
Experience with Agile development methodology & Test Driven development
Naming five or more dishes that include beetroot, besides borsch.
Does this describe you?There is such a thing as being a «true Beetroot».We value people who are eager for continual improvement. Someone who desires to be the most caring, professional, and progressive version of yourself. Your skills and experience are important factors, but your personality, approach, and drive for improvement are what truly make a difference. Our hope is that you will be a team player who can accept responsibility for your work, solve problems pragmatically, and remain highly motivated. It is also important to be outgoing, well-organized, and efficient with a strong ability to prioritize.Now that we’ve covered the basics, let’s share more about us!About BeetrootWe are a Swedish-Ukrainian IT company, building dream teams of developers and designers for companies around the globe. As an emerging company, co-producing with other emerging companies, we work with both start-up businesses and advanced businesses. In essence, we are the cannonball for our client’s success. With over 400 team members, Beetroot fosters a family environment. We are a tightly knit group who loves spending time together. Our desire is to provide a cozy workplace full of trust, equality, and steamy bowls of borsch!Do you like perks? So do we! We provide:
A work environment with a minimum level of hierarchy
Family-like culture in a comfortable, well-equipped office
Great networking opportunities with international clients
Personal and professional development opportunities
Competitive salary, paid vacation, medical insurance, and social benefits
Team building activities: ski trips, Beetroot breakfast, movie nights…and more!
English lessons with native speakers
Discounted Beetroot Academy courses
Annual allowance to participate in competence-enhancing events
Are you a good fit? Send us your CV in English. We are waiting to hear from you!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Full Stack Web Developer, 12 000 – 26 000 грн
Web Design Sun. Харків.
Strong Junior Full Stack JavaScript Developer
MaybeWorks. Харків.
Full Stack Developer (Webtools)
Gameloft. Харків.
Senior Java Full Stack Developer
NIX Solutions. Харків.
Junior Java Full Stack Developer
NIX Solutions. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата full stack програміста в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3852304
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам (IT-оборудование).
15 000 – 45 000 грн.*
Indistry. Харків.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor