Вакансія: Back-end developer (Node.js), 60 000 – 100 000 грн, компанія API Nation, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Back end програміст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Back-end developer (Node.js)
60 000 – 100 000 грн · По факту спiвбесiди
API Nation
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Харків, провулок Отакара Яроша, 22.
3,6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
The active growth company is looking for a back-end developer (node.js) who is ready to join our team in Kharkov.Imagine a place where talented and driven people, band together into high performing teams. Where love for customer experience and success are at the core. Where everyone tells it as it is and no-one tolerates mediocrity or bs.Welcome to API Nation.We need your help to build a marketplace of simple integrations that solve customer’s complex business problems. We are a small and growing company on an exciting journey, creating an app sync platform of tomorrow.You can find more information about the company and product on our website: www.apination.comResponsibilities:• Development and support of company applications;• Develop API Nation services written in Node.js;• Build server-less services on AWS Lambda;• Communicate with customers and product owners on a daily basis and help their projects succeed.About You:• 3+ years of experience developing;• Experience developing with Node.js;• Experience with SQL/NoSQL database MongoDB;• Good Spoken English.Be a plus:• Knowledge of Real Estate industry• Knowledge and experience with software used in the Real Estate industry for functions such as Lead Generation, Lead Nurturing, Marketing, Transaction Management, Accounting, CRM, etc.We offer:• Interesting project;• Friendly team;• Business traveling to USA when needed;• 5 days working week;• 5 days remote work per month;• Public holidays are days off;• 20 days of vacation per year;• Career opportunities;• Educational budget;• Compensation of the tax payments;• Lounge area, unlimited coffee with cookies.Please send your desired salary in CV.Interview stages:
Interview with a Recruiter — 30 minutes via Skype or face to face
Interview with Technical interviewer 1 hour via Skype or face to face
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Junior/Trainee backend developer (with mentoring)
Faifly. Харків.
Back-End Developer (PHP, Laravel) в Краматорск
Кварт-Софт. Харків.
Back-end разработчик
Master Service. Харків.
Magento Backend Developer
Magecom. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Back end developer
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата back end програміста в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3841804
Тренінги по темі «Back end developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor