Вакансія: Lead Back-End Developer, компанія Techmedia4u, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Back end програміст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Lead Back-End Developer
Techmedia4u
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
An international software development product company is looking for Lead Back-End Developer.About a project:The online pharmacy is a med e-commerce platform that helps to buy products on prescription, get signed prescription online, order processing, delivery. The platform provides integration with doctors and clients. The project is realized few months ago. There is team of 12 people.Responsibilities:
Provide review, audit, and optimization of current architecture
Be a key player in further system implementation and maintenance as lead developer and architect
Introduce best practices and industry standards of software engineering
Participate in team management
Team performance review and analysis
Optimization of the application for maximum performance, scalability and high availability
Code review, refactoring and requirement analysis
Building reusable code and libraries for future use
Design and implementation of data storage solutions
Implementation of security and data protection
Writing tests for functional and unit testing
Requirements:
At least 5 years of experience in software engineering (PHP)
Experience with Yii2 (other frameworks will be an advantage)
Experience with MySQL, Redis, ElasticSearch
Experience with REST API / Open API (Swagger)
Proficient knowledge of OOP, Design Patterns
Proficient knowledge of full development cycle
Experience with product development
Good understanding of CI/CD practices
Code review experience
Experience with both legacy and from scratch applications
As a plus:
Experience in NodeJS
Experience in DDD
Familiarity with Angular
Good English
We offer:
Working in a successfully dynamic international company
Competitive salary
Paid sick lists and vacations
Medical insurance
English courses
Flexible work schedule
Work with a professional team
Friendly atmosphere
Corporate events
Cozy office in the city center
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior Backend Developer
Squro. Київ.
PHP developer (back-end)
Хостинг Украина. Київ.
PHP Backend-разработчик, 37 000 – 50 000 грн
4Service. Київ.
Junior PHP Developer (backend), 20 000 грн
Semalt. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Back end developer
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата back end програміста у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3835000
Гарячі вакансії
Middle/Strong Middle Back-End web Developer.
26 000 – 65 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Senior Back-End Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Back end developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor