Вакансія: Back-end PHP Developer, компанія CyberChisel, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Програміст PHP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 5 березня 2020
Back-end PHP Developer
CyberChisel
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Львів
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
At Cyberchisel, we are passionate about creating powerful and disruptive technologies that transform how companies do business. Innovative products and, ultimately, our success are rooted in one driving force — our people. Our casual and flexible environment encourages creativity and collaboration, so you’ll have the opportunity to initiate and contribute to challenging projects, while pursuing your interests and developing, both professionally and personally. Bring us your passion, curiosity, and fresh ideas, and be a part of technology innovation at its best!Cyberchisel is a part of intouch holding, a digital communication firm that consults on & provides holistic connectivity solutions. intouch provides a 360 degrees scope of digital services. As such, you will be in touch with people from various fields within our workplace including — but not limited to — web, mobile, e-marketing, hosting, security, consultancy, software engineering and auditing.Job DescriptionWe are looking for an outstanding Back End Developer to be responsible for the coding, innovative design and layout of websites. Your primary focus will be the development of websites and web applications. You will be working along-side other engineers and developers working on different layers of the infrastructure. Therefore, commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and creating quality products is essential.Responsibilities
Develop, record and maintain cutting edge web-based PHP applications on portal plus premium service platforms
Ensure HTML, CSS, and shared JavaScript is valid and consistent across applications
Prepare and maintain all applications utilizing standard development tools
Utilize backend data services and contribute to increase existing data services API
Convey effectively with all task progress, evaluations, suggestions, schedules along with technical and process issues
Coordinate with co-developers and keeps project manager well informed of the status of development effort and serves as liaison between development staff and project manager
Keep abreast of new trends and best practices in web development
Skills
Working experience as a PHP / Laravel developer for 2 years
In depth knowledge of object-oriented PHP and Laravel 5 PHP Framework
Hands on experience with SQL schema design, SOLID principles, REST API design, Elasticsearch
MySQL profiling and query optimization
Creative and efficient problem solver
Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and use diverse web technologies and techniques.
Good problem diagnosis and problem solving skills
Good organizational skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines
English — intermediate or better
Understanding of code versioning tools (such as Git)
Would be a plus
Software testing (PHPUnit, PHPSpec, Behat)
Basic knowledge of Search Engine Optimization (SEO) process
Unix
What we have to offer— Interesting projects— Paid vacation and sick leaves— Benefit and bonuses program— Unlimited tea and coffee— Support for external training programs
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior PHP Backend Developer (Laravel, Symfony, Lumen) in Kyiv
Investors in Ideas Ltd. Львів.
Middle PHP developer
Sebale. Львів.
Програміст PHP, WordPress
Letarget. Львів.
Junior PHP Back-End Engineer
Resultify. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Back end developer
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста PHP у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3623196
Тренінги по темі «Back end developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor