Вакансія: Senior Back-End Engineer (Educational Chatbot), компанія DataArt, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Back end engineer
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Senior Back-End Engineer (Educational Chatbot)
DataArt
· VIP
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Смаль-Стоцького, 1.
2,6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Our client is an American startup in the education field. The project is a chat bot that is installed on the sites of educational institutions. The goal is to provide information and reference services to students of educational institutions. The chat bot is controlled by AI based on IBM Watson.Our client is an American startup in the education field. The project is a chat bot that is installed on the sites of educational institutions. The goal is to provide information and reference services to students of educational institutions. The chat bot is controlled by AI based on IBM Watson.The project is currently in production in the implementation phase of the new release. The environment is deployed with Docker on AWS ECS. AWS CloudFormation is used to automate infrastructure management. Image building, code verification, and running of tests are performed in CircleCI.The project uses Gitflow for pull requests, code reviews, unit tests (the functionality is partially covered), and manual testing.The processes are arranged according to the Agile principle (Scrum) with 2-week sprints, retrospectives, planning, and calls with the team. The team is distributed and works remotely.Key technologies:• Drupal (Symfony)• NodeJS: several Express servers are responsible for different levels of business logic. NextJS is used for server side rendering of React applications• React + Redux for the chat bot and two SPAs• Lerna• MySQL (in conjunction with Drupal), MongoDB (for statistics from NodeJS applications), Solr (for full-text search).Required Skills and Experience
5+ years of experience in backend development
Experience developing web-based software products using Node.JS
Experience with several of the following: NPM, Webpack, yarn, TypeScript, JavaScript, SPA Mongo.DB
Expert Git
Understanding of OOP and SOLID principles
Understanding of web development paradigms (RESTful APIs, pub/sub, security)
Experience with micro-services and development of performant and scalable applications
Experience with Git or another DVCS
Good Spoken English.
Additional Competencies
Experience with React
Understanding of Progressive Web Apps and Accelerated Mobile Pages
Familiarity with Jenkins, Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket
Experience with some of the following: CSS-preprocessors (LESS, SASS), Docker and Kubernetes, Kafka, WebSockets, MQTT, gRPC, MessagePack, protobuf.
DataArt offers:
Professional Development:
— Experienced colleagues who are ready to share knowledge;— The ability to switch projects, technology stacks, try yourself in different roles;— More than 150 workplaces for advanced training;— Study and practice of English: courses and communication with colleagues and clients from different countries;— Support of speakers who make presentations at conferences and meetings of technology communities.
The ability to focus on your work: a lack of bureaucracy and micromanagement, and convenient corporate services;
Friendly atmosphere, concern for the comfort of specialists;
Flexible schedule and the ability to work remotely;
The ability to work in any of our development centers.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior PHP Backend Developer (Laravel, Symfony, Lumen) in Kyiv
Investors in Ideas Ltd. Львів.
Middle/Senior backend developer (Node.js)
Indeema Software Inc.. Львів.
Junior Strong Backend Developer (NodeJS, TypeScript)
Newsoft. Львів.
Junior Backend Developer (NodeJS, TypeScript), 10 000 – 20 000 грн
Newsoft. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Back end програміст
Програміст PHP
Python-програміст
Python developer
PHP developer
Back end engineer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата back end engineer в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3809555
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor