Вакансія: Junior PHP Back-End Engineer, компанія Resultify, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
PHP engineer
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Junior PHP Back-End Engineer
Resultify
Маркетинг, реклама, PR;
10–50 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Чайковського.
0,3 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Job descriptionMalmö, Lviv — Sweden/UkraineVälkommen!Resultify is a Swedish digital agency with a wide experience in media production, including online advertisement and building web solutions for enterprise clients.We build standard and custom web sites for all kinds of businesses. This can include product management systems, e-commerce solutions, various API integrations (Google, Facebook, Twitter), and more.The person we’re looking for is proactive with the ability to question things and suggest creative solutions. Our supportive team helps you be yourself and feel welcomed. We’re looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team.Requirements
At least 1+ years of professional experience of PHP (5+, 7+)
Experience with OOP
Experience with MVC
Understanding of relational databases (MySQL)
Knowledge of Git, Github, Composer
Comfortable with Unix environment
Experience in debugging and code review with an eye for performant code
Know how to code elegantly and according to standards (PSR-2, etc.)
English skills (Upper Intermediate)
Nice to have
Experience working with TYPO3 or WordPress CMS
Experience working with APIs delivering analytical data
Familiar with javascript libraries (Jquery, Vue etc.)
Familiar with FE libraries and technologies (bootstrap, less, sass)
Understanding of unit testing would be a plus
Experience working with Continuous integration and Continuous delivery
Experience with Docker
Soft skills
Open-minded
Able team worker
Proactive
Self organised
Responsible but not too serious (we mean work hard — play hard)
Communication skills
We offer
High level of social trust
Modern office building in the downtown area of Lviv
Dedicated HR
Possibility to travel to Sweden
Interesting projects
Friendly and supportive team
Competitive salary
Full-time position
Flexible working hours
Excellent benefits package
Comfortable workplace
Responsibilities
Setup, develop and extend websites depending on the customers' need
Integrate already developed solutions into the customers' websites
Write time estimations
Write documentation
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Junior PHP Developer, 12 200 – 19 600 грн
Dumka. Львів.
Junior Strong Backend Developer (NodeJS, TypeScript)
Newsoft. Львів.
Junior Backend Developer (NodeJS, TypeScript), 10 000 – 20 000 грн
Newsoft. Львів.
Strong Junior/Middle PHP Developer, 15 000 – 22 000 грн
Hasko Trading Inc.. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Back end програміст
Програміст PHP
Python-програміст
Python developer
PHP developer
Back end engineer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата PHP engineer у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3428680
Тренінги по темі «Back end engineer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor