Вакансія: Data scientist, компанія Personalities, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Data scientist
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 24 лютого 2020
Data scientist
Personalities
· Агенція
Пошук персоналу, HR;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Хрещатик.
0,3 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
We are an actively developing IT company that provides a wide range of high-quality products, solutions and services in the field of information technology. Requirements:
Experience in predictive modeling, machine learning, and data analytics techniques;
Strong Python knowledge,
Theoretical knowledge of linear algebra and algorithmic theory as well as practical experience of using machine learning models, understanding of recommender systems: collaborative filtering, content-based models, matrix factorization, deep learning approaches. Solid understanding of Natural language processing, topic modelling, information extraction.
Good knowledge of SQL.
Strong strategic, analytical and critical thinking skills; ability to break down complex problems and formulate plans
As an advantage:Hadoop/Spark, BigQueryResponsibilities:
Analyze complex functions, procedures, and problems to deliver creative, logical, and effective solutions that meet the specified requirements
Your main focus will be developing new efficient algorithms
We offer:
high salary (determined during the job interview)
regular performance reviews and bonus payments;
office in the downtown of city or opportunity to work remotely
unlimited coffee, snacks and fruits
insurance
English language training
If you don’t meet all requirements, It’s not a problem. We have experienced colleagues who will share their knowledge! Send your CV and join to our dream team!
Показати телефон
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Business Analyst
Boosta ltd.. Київ.
Аналітик підтримки процесів Digital
Альфа-Банк. Київ.
Business analyst
Coreteka. Київ.
Data Scientist
Autodoc. Київ.
Системный аналитик
Медирент. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Тестувальник
Бізнес-аналітик
QA engineer
Business analyst
QA-інженер
Tester
Data scientist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата data scientist у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3834313
Гарячі вакансії
Провідний програміст 1С.
StarLightMedia. Київ.
Customer Care Expert (English).
WIX. Київ.
Системный администратор.
Мир Инструмента Украина. Київ.
Senior Full Stack Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
UX/UI-дизайнер.
Sanahunt. Київ.
Инженер компьютерных сетей и информационной безопасности.
Global Bilgi. Київ.
PHP-программист.
75 000 – 90 000 грн.*
Мейкап. Київ.
Программист 1С.
Rozetka. Київ.
Менеджер по интеграции баз данных.
18 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с веб-мастерами, affiliate manager со знанием французского языка.
18 000 грн.*
Admitad GmbH. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Data scientist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor