Вакансія: Business Analyst, компанія SvitSoft, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Business Analyst
SvitSoft
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Пирогівський шлях, 167А.
12 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Svitsoft provides software development and digital marketing services.We develop solutions from scratch to launch and guarantee its further growth.Our main target is to bring innovations in our clients` business processes and help them to reach their goals.Our businesses:AdSaverAnalytical system developed in-house. The system is designed for customer flow management. It allows growth business based on visual metrics.Svitsoft. Software development Technology stack: .Net, Angular, Xamarin, IOS, Android App development.SvitSoft is actively developing and new projects are constantly increasing.Therefore we are looking for a Business Analyst to join the Kyiv team on a full-time basis.RESPONSIBILITIES:
responsibility for working with clients and ensuring that the automation solutions we design and create for them will be a fit for their organization and bring value to their business and process;
build communication channels and develop relationships with internal project stakeholders;
support the project team during the design, development, and testing of the solution;
backlog managing;
technical assignment, documents, product materials and procedure description preparation.
REQUIREMENTS:
2+ years of experience in the role of business analyst;
experienced with business analysis methodologies;
experience writing user stories is required;
good knowledge of the software development lifecycle;
proven knowledge of UML/BPMN;
strong analytical and system thinking skills.
excellent communication & presentation skills.
BENEFITS:
freedom in decision-making;
interesting projects and challenging tasks;
paid sick leaves and vacation (24 days on a year);
personal development and professional growth (paid 50% cost of classes, workshops, certification);
legal employment;
coffee and tea, cookies, a comfortable workplace, etc.
exciting corporate events and team building.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Business analyst
Coreteka. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик
Fozzy group. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик в IT, 20 000 – 40 000 грн
Бюро інноваційних технологій, ТОВ. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик 1С
Май. Київ.
Oracle, VBA бізнес-аналітик
UKRSIBBANK BNP Paribas Group. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Продакт-менеджер
Data analyst
Продукт-менеджер
Product manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата бізнес-аналітика у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3746077
Гарячі вакансії
Провідний програміст 1С.
StarLightMedia. Київ.
Java Developer.
Micro Focus. Київ.
2D Character Artist.
Voki Games. Київ.
Програміст 1С.
Хлібні інвестиції. Київ.
Инженер компьютерных сетей и информационной безопасности.
Global Bilgi. Київ.
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Програміст 1С.
Перший, ломбард, ПТ. Київ.
QA Engineer.
UMG (United marketing group). Київ.
UX/UI-дизайнер.
Sanahunt. Київ.
Senior QA engineer (manual).
Micro Focus. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Business analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor