Вакансія: Pre-sales Business Analyst, компанія Master of Code Global, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Pre-sales Business Analyst
Master of Code Global
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Володимирська, 101.
2,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Here at Master of Code Global, we are expanding our BA community with a BA expert in pre-sales. You will be expected to be instrumental in our pre-sales activities, helping our Clients understand and define the requirements of the project. These requirements are to be used further on to provide clear estimates for a project’s SOW. As it is a new role, you would be expected to enhance the BA pre-sales practice within MOC, incl. bringing and implementing industry best practices for this stage of the SDLC.Requirements:
Fluent English is a must
2+ solid years of experience in pre-sales/solutioning activities with Clients from North America, Western Europe or both
Demonstrated direct working experience with Clients from North America, Western Europe or both
Experience in preparing and conducting different types of scoping workshops, including discovery ones
Experience in running presentations in a workshop setting for executives, groups of businesses and technical leaders
Excellent written and spoken communication skills
Excellent facilitation and presentational skills
Excellent Technical Writing skills
Passionate and skilled in drawing process diagrams
Experience in creating clickable prototypes
Excellent problem-solving, analytical and investigative skills
Motivated by research, investigations, and learnings
A motivated and ambitious leader with a proactive approach
Team player
Focused on driving results over processes
Desired skills:
Experience at least in two different domains (conversational solutions, e-commerce, web and mobile development are preferable)
IIBA Certification
Facilitation & interviewing related certifications
Key Responsibilities:
Engage with prospects and clients to identify their needs and key business requirements and work with them and MOC Team to design solution visions
Work closely with the sales team on proposals and pitches for business within different domains: conversational solutions, e-commerce, and web & mobile development
Support the presales phase by leading business and software solution development expertise to deliver high-quality solutions and identify risks
Assist in the production of responses to RFPs, RFIs and other proposals to prospects and clients
Elicit business requirements to provide innovative solutions and recommend system, product and process enhancements
Define solution scope based on analysis of clients RFPs, RFIs, other provided documents and elicited business requirements
Define ‘as-is' state for complex software solutions, model ‘to be' state, identify and assess gaps and propose improvements
Drive workshops/ pre-sales efforts online and offline
Prepare and deliver presentations introducing the suggested solution for potential clients
Create process diagrams, mockups, wireframes, and clickable prototypes when needed
Deliver POCs and demonstrations to meet the clients' scope and functionality requirements and to ensure that all success criteria are delivered, and product differentiation is included
Take part in preparing estimates with Solution Architect
Determine stakeholders influence and their attitude towards the project, solution approach, and team members
Plan communication strategy taking into consideration the project and stakeholders' specifics
Manage solution scope, identify and assess the impact and track changes
Work closely with Solution Architects to confirm alignment of the solution approach and requirements with the overall architectural vision
Collaborate with Project Managers to align requirements management processes with a project management plan for each initiative, contribute to risk management
Facilitate discussions, ensure effective communication, negotiate and build consensus develop relationships with all the project stakeholders
Assess business analysis and presales processes and provide recommendations for improvement
Develop training sessions and presentations to share enterprise technology knowledge across the project and MOC organization
Benefits:
Onboarding and mentoring process for new Masters
Opportunity for growth and development
Medical insurance coverage
Our Team here: https://www.facebook.com/master.of.code.team/
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Oracle, VBA бізнес-аналітик
UKRSIBBANK BNP Paribas Group. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик
BDO, LLC. Київ.
Lead Business Analyst
Master of Code Global. Київ.
Business Analyst
Boosta ltd.. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Продакт-менеджер
Data analyst
Продукт-менеджер
Product manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата бізнес-аналітика у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3844903
Тренінги по темі «Business analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor