Вакансія: BI Analyst, компанія СМК (Software MacKiev), робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
BI Analyst
СМК (Software MacKiev)
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ, проспект Перемоги, 65.
8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
GraphPad, a leading provider of scientific analysis and graphing software, is seeking a Analyst & Data Engineer with excellent communication skills to join our team in Kyiv.In this role, you will maintain and improve our existing data warehouse, and work closely with multiple business stakeholders (Business, Product, Marketing, Customer Success) to extract insights that drive the business forward.Responsibilities
Collaborate with business stakeholders to answer ad hoc questions with data
Define and execute on data discovery projects with business team
Identify opportunities to improve data coverage and literacy across the organization
Develop expertise of GraphPad’s data model
Create and maintain new data transformations, tables, views, as needed
Qualifications
Prior experience with web BI reporting tools (Mode, Looker or Periscope)
Experience working closely with business stakeholders to produce BI reports
Preferred familiarity with subscription software/SaaS reporting and modeling needs
Degree in a quantitative field (e.g. Statistics, Mathematics, Data Science, Computer Science, Economics, etc)
Fluent English
We offer:
A challenging job
A competitive salary
Free medical insurance coverage
Health program (free swimming pool and gym)
Flexible working hours
24 fully paid vacation days
Paid sick leave
A convenient location — 5 minutes from metro, free parking
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Business Intelligence Analyst
Київстар. Київ.
Бизнес-аналитик, руководитель проекта 1С
Everad. Київ.
Business Data Analyst, 20 000 – 80 000 грн
Awery Aviation Software. Київ.
Аналитик SQL (DBA)
4bill.io. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Тестувальник
Бізнес-аналітик
QA engineer
Business analyst
QA-інженер
Tester
Analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата аналітика у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3765424
Тренінги по темі «Analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor