Вакансія: Data Analyst, компанія 3Shape Ukraine, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Data analyst
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Data Analyst
3Shape Ukraine
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Польова, 21.
5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
3Shape A/S is a Danish hi-tech company specializing in the production and development of 3D solutions (3D scanners and 3D software) for industrial and healthcare applications, such as hearing and dental aid production, where we have a global leading position.Two graduate students founded 3Shape in the year 2000, and today the company’s fast-growing team of 1600+ employees in 20 offices worldwide (Denmark, Germany, Poland, Ukraine, USA etc.) is serving customers in over 100 countries.We are looking for an experienced Data Analyst to work in our Kyiv office.Your ProfileEmpathy for users, experience in talking to stakeholders and partners. Self-motivated and results driven, taking full ownership of the projects. Hands-on mindset, willing to work -in a fast-pace environment. Your ChallengeWe have an ambitious vision for the future of 3Shape. One of our core guiding principles is to make data-driven decisions. Digital Marketing is the ideal domain for implementing this philosophy. As an analyst, you will be figuring out how to supply a team of diverse skills sets and backgrounds with the right data, while building a scalable data ecosystem and promoting a data-driven mind set within the organization.Your Main Tasks
Establish and optimize a reliable Digital Data Ecosystem
Maintain measurement plans for new and existing platforms, advise on tracking set-up, maintain analytical systems for individual platforms and department as a whole.
Implement actionable reports & dashboards
Create informative and actionable dashboards, write reports and deliver presentations that surface results, findings and suggested improvements
Facilitate a data-driven decision-making process
Build relationships with internal, senior and global stakeholders to understand their objectives, turn these into KPIs, and tailor reporting and analysis to actual business needs.
Drive or find owners for potential new projects
Analyze and interpret data, identify insights about user behavior and platform performance, and make actionable recommendations in aid of digital strategy. Project management initiatives that will improve conversion rate on our corporate website.Your Skills
Min 2 years working and/or academic experience with data
Min 2 years working experience with digital marketing (familiarity with social ads, google analytics, ppc, seo, organic social, email) and/or eCommerce (funnel analysis, basket analysis, etc)
Project Management experience
Data handling skills (data pipeline tools, postgres, SQL, excel, python)
Data visualization (PowerBI)
Statistical & analytical knowledge and application skills (R, SAS, python, strong theoretical foundation)
Machine learning & automation skills (R, python etc.)
Teaching, training and consultancy and project management skills (PowerPoint, process visualization tools, excellent English skills)
We offer:
Participation in producing market-leading technology products for customers around the world
Work in a unique professional, friendly and supportive environment
Constant professional growth and development
Occasional business trips to Western Europe
Competitive salary level
Good working conditions in a comfortable office (not open space!) near National Technical University «KPI»
39 working hours per week within flexible time-frame from 8:00 till 20:00
Possibility of partially remote work
A parking lot with free spaces for employees
A healthy work-life balance
Annual paid vacation (24 working days)
Paid sick leaves and a child sick leaves
Maternity and paternity leaves
Medical insurance (incl. massage in the office).
English classes with a native speaker
Compensation of lunches
Regular company events
Opportunity to become a part of the success that 3Shape has created over the past 20 years
We will be glad to welcome you in our team!For more information, visit our web-site: www.3shape.com or contact HR department via e-mail [відгукнутися] or by phone
Показати телефон.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Data Scientist
Autodoc. Київ.
Адміністратор БД (МS SQL Server)
ПЗУ Україна, страхова компанія. Київ.
Data analyst
Ozone Technologies. Київ.
Администратор баз данных, DBA
Авто Интернешнл. Київ.
Аналітик даних (data science)
Креди Агриколь, банк. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Адміністратор баз даних
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Системний аналітик
Data analyst
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата data analyst у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3855765
Гарячі вакансії
UX/UI-дизайнер.
Sanahunt. Київ.
Тестировщик 1С.
ВиЯр. Київ.
Менеджер по интеграции баз данных.
18 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с веб-мастерами, affiliate manager со знанием французского языка.
18 000 грн.*
Admitad GmbH. Київ.
QA Engineer.
UMG (United marketing group). Київ.
Senior Front-End Web Developer (React.JS).
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Системный администратор облачных сервисов.
28 000 – 32 000 грн.
De Novo. Київ.
2D Character Artist.
Voki Games. Київ.
Программист 1С.
Rozetka. Київ.
Инженер компьютерных сетей и информационной безопасности.
Global Bilgi. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Data analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor