Вакансія: Business Analyst SFDC, компанія HR Studio, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 25 лютого 2020
Business Analyst SFDC
HR Studio
· Агенція
Пошук персоналу, HR;
менше 10 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
We are looking for Business Analyst SFDC in Kyiv/Kharkiv!Projects: As primary platform for Field Sales Force automation and optimization we chosen SaleForce.com which is used already around all Europe, Latin America and partially Asia. Many projects are started on SFDC platform every year. We expect to have team of highly skill professionals who will work on different projects in SFDC domain for next few years.Subproject B2B deals with specific problems of the beer business. It will be necessary to participate in the modification and adjustment of business processes, changes in invoices, changes in formulas for calculating the cost of production, VAT, tuning of speed and other requests from businesses from Europe and other parts of the world.This is a challenge, since it will be necessary to modify the architecture, queries, answers, optimization of the database structure, etc. in parts, for all these processes it is necessary to decompose and describe the tasks in great detail, after understanding the requirements of the product. Business scenarios vary from country to country from region to region.You will be interested!You must have:
experience in collecting business requirements and developing BRD / PRD
knowledge of Agile / Scrum
understanding of application development and software development lifecycle concepts
experience in analyzing and describing business processes
knowledge of business process description methodologies
interviewing skills for business users
work closely with developers and QA resources to ensure that the built solution meets client requirements
leveraging a strong understanding of Salesforce (multi-cloud) capabilities and limitations to clearly communicate those to customers
building and demonstrating prototypes in Salesforce
SFDC Sales Cloud and Service Cloud experience
demonstrate experience in creating and managing custom field / objects, complex workflow rules, process builder/flow, record types, data validation, page layouts
Specific Skills Needed:
Excellent Logical Reasoning
Well Developed Numerical Reasoning and Math
Ability to Organize Well and Efficiently
Good Conversational and Written English (B2-C1)
Clear and Effective Communication Skills
As Plus:
Experience with BPMN and other process notations.
Experience with working with clients directly.
Salesforce Certificates
YOU WANT TO WORK WITH:
Development, maintenance and support of custom SalesForce solutions
Estimation and scope decomposition
Risk assessment, defining dependencies and assumptions
Technology assessments and comparisons
Support and maintenance plan
Prototypes and proof-of-concept creation with their further delivery and presentation to stakeholders
Participation in the implementation phase defining and creating the core of one or another system, transferring the knowledge to the team, monitoring the execution on the long run
TOGETHER WE WILL
Have friendly and mature team
Have ability to propose and implement own solutions
Have flexible working schedule
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Business Analyst
Boosta ltd.. Київ.
Business analyst
Coreteka. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик
Fozzy group. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик в IT, 20 000 – 40 000 грн
Бюро інноваційних технологій, ТОВ. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик 1С
Май. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Продакт-менеджер
Data analyst
Продукт-менеджер
Product manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата бізнес-аналітика у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3836442
Тренінги по темі «Business analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor