Вакансія: Research Analyst (English), компанія Plamencom, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 11 березня 2020
Research Analyst (English)
Plamencom
Освіта, наука;
10–50 співробітників
Львів
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
This position would best suit the final year students or recent graduates with 1−3 years of working experience.It is a great alternative for candidates with fluent English, who are not eager to work night shifts in customer support or sales positions and want to try something different.DutiesIn this position you will work as a member of our research team with the following responsibilities:
Look for the required information on the corporate websites, business resources
Structure the new information in a software / database
Communicate in English with foreign counterparts (mostly in writing)
Your profile
diligent, hardworking, motivated and responsible person
fluent in English
with great analytical skills in order to make proper conclusions based on your findings
confident PC-user with some experience in web research
eager to learn new information about the corporate world
ready to commit to a longterm job — ideally for 1 year and more
Please note, that in this position you will have to dig through lots of information most of the day so you have to be patient enough and comfortable working independently at a computer most of the day.Our conditionsFull-time work in a friendly team in a comfortable office in Lviv.We guarantee favorable and respectful working environment and offer competitive salary paid in EUR.Working hours from 10:00 till 19:00 (Mon-Fri).If you feel that you fit the requirements just apply for this position and we will get in touch with you to discuss the details.Please note: This position is for full-time in-office work only. If you are interested in part-time and / or remote work, please don’t apply.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Соціолог-аналітик, market research analyst
Львівська консалтингова група. Львів.
Media Analyst (English)
BPO Nextdoor, Inc.. Львів.
Data Entry Analyst with fluent English and French (or Spanish)
BPO Nextdoor, Inc.. Львів.
Media Analyst (Polish, English)
BPO Nextdoor, Inc.. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Тестувальник
Бізнес-аналітик
QA engineer
Business analyst
QA-інженер
Tester
Analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Освіта, наука
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата аналітика у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/1641264
Гарячі вакансії
Customer support, Risk Analyst.
10 000 – 18 000 грн.
PayPro Ukraine. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor