Вакансія: Business analyst, компанія Betinvest, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Business analyst
Betinvest
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ, проспект Степана Бандери, 8/16А.
4,7 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Betinvest LTD are an international gaming solutions provider with 20 years of industry experience. We are incorporated in the United Kingdom and currently serve clients across four continents — Europe, Asia, Africa and North America. Our global success in the gaming industry stems from two main sources: our personnel and our products.We are looking for a Business Analyst!Requirements:
3+ years of experience in system or business analysis;
Experience in writing technical documentation;
Experience with key BA technics (interview, workshop, document analysis, estimation, mind mapping,
Understanding of agile development processes (e.g. Scrum) and proactive participation as BA in such process
Gathering of requirements from multiple stakeholders;
Upper-Intermediate English level (written/spoken);
Understanding of web protocols, messaging protocols and web data formats: HTTP, TCP, SOAP, WSDL, JSON, etc.;
Proven knowledge of UML/BPMN;
Strong analytical and system thinking skills;
Descriptions:
Gather requirements from multiple stakeholders;
Expand and detail complex BRD and describe detailed use-cases with the help of PO;
Perform the decomposition of cross-functional tasks between teams;
Backlog management;
Work with technical documentation;
Benefits:
Competitive pay;
24 calendar days of paid vacation, paid sick leaves (10 days);
Medical insurance;
work schedule from 9/10 till 18/19;
tea, coffee, cookies and fruit in the office;
Free English lessons in the office;
New Comfortable office with own cinema hall near Pochaina station;
If you are interested — please send your CV.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Business analyst
Coreteka. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик
Fozzy group. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик в IT, 20 000 – 40 000 грн
Бюро інноваційних технологій, ТОВ. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик 1С
Май. Київ.
Oracle, VBA бізнес-аналітик
UKRSIBBANK BNP Paribas Group. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Продакт-менеджер
Data analyst
Продукт-менеджер
Product manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата бізнес-аналітика у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3643531
Гарячі вакансії
Business process development manager.
Vega, телекоммуникационная группа. Київ.
Senior Front-End Web Developer (React.JS).
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Инженер компьютерных сетей и информационной безопасности.
Global Bilgi. Київ.
Senior Full Stack Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
PHP-программист.
75 000 – 90 000 грн.*
Мейкап. Київ.
Senior QA engineer (manual).
Micro Focus. Київ.
Оператор по обработке данных.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.
Telovox, LLC. Київ.
Системный администратор облачных сервисов.
28 000 – 32 000 грн.
De Novo. Київ.
Senior Back-End Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Менеджер по интеграции баз данных.
18 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Business analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor