Вакансія: IT Project Manager/Business Analyst, компанія Giraffe Software, робота у Дніпрі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Дніпрі
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 2 березня 2020
IT Project Manager/Business Analyst
Giraffe Software
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Дніпро, вулиця Виконкомівська, 12А.
0,6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Olesya Volobueva ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Hi! We are young and rapidly growing Ukrainian software development company and now are looking for a cool Business analyst / Requirements Manager who has:• fluent written and verbal ENGLISH• experience of work as PM / BA no less than 1 year• proven experience of projects delivery within time and budget• knowledge of project management techniques, responsibilities, activities and areas of professional development• knowledge and experience with Scrum and Kanban development methodologies• good understanding of the Software Development Lifecycle• strong communication skills through e-mail, phone, skype and personal interaction• analytical thinking and problem-solving• responsibility, result orientation, attentiveness, ability to learn quicklyWhat do we offer:• direct communication with international clients• work in a team of young professionals• dynamic work pace, training and development• endorsement for generating ideas and being initiative• compensation tied to the dollar rate and every 6 months review• flexible working hours with the ability to work remotely 3 days a month (+ paid vacation and sick leave)• fully equipped workplace in a comfortable office with a breathtaking view to Yekaterinoslavskiy boulevard• and a lot of corporate events, board games and tasty treatsWhat will you do:• clarify and analysis requirements• requirements documentation and maintenance (Project Scope, Project Budget, Project Roadmap, Release Plan)• adding User Stories to Jira to fill backlog• creation and discussion of tasks for developers• participate in stand-ups, grooming and demo sessions with the dev team• tracking of team members KPILike a job? Write to us now!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер проектов (IT), 8 000 грн
Ermak IT. Дніпро.
IT Project Manager
АТБ-маркет. Дніпро.
IT Business Analyst (Bitrix)
Eva, лінія магазинів. Дніпро.
Бизнес-аналитик (IT, E-commerce)
Eva, лінія магазинів. Дніпро.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Дніпрі
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Дніпрі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Дніпрі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3694381
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor