Вакансія: Real Time Analyst, компанія Nexteum, робота у Миколаєві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Миколаєві
Аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Real Time Analyst
Nexteum
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Миколаїв
София ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Benefits:
Monthly income is $500-$550. It is a standard pay which is set in the contract and depends on the level of specialist skills;
Contract with the American company;
Unique opportunity to join the professional team, supporting one of the top five online stores in the USA and Canada, which deals with products for motorsports and car tuning;
Experience in highload e-commerce project;
Full Time Position only — (5 Days a Week, 8 Working Hours a Day, night shift: Monday — Friday, 16:00 — 01:00, 19:00 — 04:00);
Office in the center of the city;
Gym with personal trainer, shower;
Billiards, table tennis;
English language courses in the office.
Responsibilities:
Work with daily, weekly and monthly reporting (instructions will be provided);
Real time staff management;
Adjusting schedules for agents if needed;
Communication with management;
Any other duties connected with Workforce management and RTA role.
Qualification To Apply:
Ukrainian citizenship is a must (the applicants with temporary resistance permit will be rejected);
Fluent English (verbal and written) is a must;
Microsoft excel — upper intermediate level;
Excited to work in fast paced environment;
Analytical mindset, decision maker, attentive to details, ability to multitasking;
Knowledge of any programming language is appreciated but not required.
Vacancy description:The NEXTEUM company invites Real Time Analyst to join the team of the largest international online project developed in Ukraine.For 15 years, we have been creating software solutions and networks of trustworthy online stores, leading the field of auto tuning, motorsport, outdoor activities, extreme and water transport. We offer exclusive innovations and unique customer-oriented service for our partners. In our team, you will get wide experience working on the largest projects and solving problems in the field of high-level software development.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Экономист по планированию, финансовый аналитик
PepsiCo Ukraine. Миколаїв.
ИТ-аналитик по внедрению системы дистрибьюторских продаж (iSales)
PepsiCo Ukraine. Миколаїв.
Аналитик отдела кредитных рисков, скорингист
Лайм Кеш, ООО. Миколаїв.
Кредитный инспектор, специалист по анализу кредитных рисков
Лайм Кеш, ООО. Миколаїв.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Миколаєві
Тестувальник
QA engineer
QA-інженер
Tester
Analyst
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Фінанси, банк
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Миколаєві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата аналітика у Миколаєві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3763713
Тренінги по темі «Analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor