Вакансія: Business Analyst, 30 000 – 100 000 грн, компанія API Nation, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Бізнес-аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Business Analyst
30 000 – 100 000 грн · По факту спiвбесiди
API Nation
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Харків, провулок Отакара Яроша, 22.
3,6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Юрий Кравчинский ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
The active growth company is looking for a Business Analyst who is ready to join our team in Kharkov.Imagine a place where talented and driven people, band together into high performing teams. Where love for customer experience and success are at the core. Where everyone tells it as it is and no-one tolerates mediocrity or bs.Welcome to API Nation.We need your help to build a marketplace of simple integrations that solve customer’s complex business problems. We are a small and growing company on an exciting journey, creating an app sync platform of tomorrow.Summary:Software Business Analyst bridges the gap between the needs of the customer and software developers. In simple terms, you will translate customer speak into geek and geek to customer speak :)In practice, this means learn customer needs and analyze the software applications they use and form a solution for connecting the applications and designing integrations and flows which solve customer problems. Even the ones they don’t know they have. Translate the solution into a detailed description which includes customer needs, process diagram, solution specifications, data mapping and a project plan with steps required to deliver an integrated solution. Work with Software Engineers to develop and deliver the solution.In this role, you will work with limited supervision, apply a high degree of experience, creativity, self-learning and judgment to accomplish goals. If this sounds like a role for you, get in touch.Project documentation: Confluence, JiraProject technology stack: API, Postman, Miscellaneous Real Estate Related Software Applications.About company:API Nation is engaged in cloud data integration solutions using a microservice architecture in product development.The company is based in two progressive towns: San Diego, California and Kharkov, Ukraine.You can find more information about the company and product on our website: www.apination.comResponsibilities:• Work directly with Product Manager on various Integrations from conception to release, and help in coordination with all internal and external stakeholders, and everything that entail• Document requirements, data mapping, performance, limits and security requirements for the integrations• Create and maintain diagrams for integrations• Create user stories and manage the product backlog and prioritize their development for inclusion in new and subsequent product releases• Provide technical consultations to customers, potential customers, and the team as needed• Other responsibilities will be assigned based on business needsRequirements: • +2 years of experience in a similar role (product owner, requirements management or business analyst) in IT companies with solid experience in requirements management and engineering;• Experience with API integrations is a must• Understanding of software design, data structures, APIs• Strong stakeholders engagement skills;• Hands-on with Business Process Modelling;• Ability to prioritize tasks/objectives with strong organizational, administrative and analytical skills;• Solid knowledge of key business analysis tasks, requirements engineering techniques, project tracking tools (e.g. JIRA, Confluence);• Excellent team player with the ability to work within a collaborative environment;• Excellent oral and written communication skills in EnglishBe a plus:• Knowledge of Real Estate industry• Knowledge and experience with software used in the Real Estate industry for functions such as Lead Generation, Lead Nurturing, Marketing, Transaction Management, Accounting, CRM, etc.We offer:• Friendly team;• Business traveling to USA when needed;• Flexible work schedule;• 5 days working week;• 5 days remote work per month;• Public holidays are days off;• 20 days of vacation per year;• Career opportunities;• Educational budget;• Compensation of the tax payments;• Lounge area, unlimited coffee with cookies.Please send your desired salary in CV.Interview stages:
Interview with a Recruiter — 30 minutes via Skype or face to face
Interview with Technical interviewer 1 hour via Skype or face to face
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Бизнес-аналитик
CS. Харків.
Junior Business Analyst, Product Owner
NIX Solutions. Харків.
Business Analyst, Team manager
NIX Solutions. Харків.
Business Data Analyst
NIX Solutions. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Продакт-менеджер
Data analyst
Продукт-менеджер
Product manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата бізнес-аналітика в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3804400
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам (IT-оборудование).
15 000 – 45 000 грн.*
Indistry. Харків.
Оператор call-центра (соц. опросы по телефону) в Киев.
4 000 – 8 000 грн.*
CCIG Ukraine. Харків.
Тренінги по темі «Business analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor