Вакансія: Group Analyst, компанія Об'єднана мода України, ТзОВ, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Group Analyst
Об'єднана мода України, ТзОВ
Промисловість, виробництво;
більше 1000 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Вулецька, 14.
5,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Hjort Knudsen has an ambition to be much more data-driven, and because of this we create a new position — GROUP ANALYST — to be the driving force in this ambition.Hjort Knudsen wants to identify the data which drive our performance and publish these in intuitive and visually appealing ways on an ongoing basis, so that our employees becomes able to take better decisions. Because of this, you must not only have good analytical skills, but also experience and flair for presenting and communicating data in easy understandable ways. A really good understanding and experience with Microsoft Excel goes without saying — especially in the areas of data processing and presentation (pivot-tables and visualization of data). We plan to employ either Power BI or Tableau, so experience with these tools is a plus, but it is not a requirement — we will organize your learning of these if necessary. You will be based in the Finance, but will have a group role and therefore report to the group CFO in Denmark. To give you an idea about the job-content, the following reporting needs have currently been identified:
Weekly order intake statistics
Ad hoc analyses of order intake on different parameters
Weekly production value calculation
Monthly reporting on order intake and invoicing for different customers and countries
Monthly profitability analyses on customers
Weekly and monthly analyses over efficiency in the production
Monthly analyses over realized costs compared to the calculated costs
Monthly analyses of realized material cost vs. planned material cost for our main material groups (like leather, fabrics and so on).
These analyses must be created and send to all relevant recipients on an ongoing basis, and our goal is to consolidate these into relevant KPI’s to be published as well. Apart from this, there will be ad hoc analyses for management on an on-going basis. These will often be made to detail and explain differences between calculated and realized costs. We also expect that you are capable of identifying reasons for deviations, and follow up on these together with the relevant managers. Training will be provided, so that you understand our business and the numbers which you prepare Competence profile:
Profound experience with MS Excel is a must, since it is essential
Experience with data analysis and publication/visualization from previous job
Experience from ac company with production is a must
Experience with MS SQ, MS Dynamics AX, Power BI or Tableau is an advantage, but not a requirement
Experience from an industry with complex configurable products is a big plus
You speak and write English in addition to your native language.
Financial background is a plus, but can also be engineering background
Highly analytical and with interest in data analysis and visualization
High drive and is a self-starter who takes responsibility for completing the tasks
Works systematically and focused
Thrives in a dynamic environment and with short deadlines
High cooperation skills across the different functions in the organization
A position in an international and dynamic organization with a unique product range and focus on innovation
Interesting and exciting work with a high degree of freedom
Flat organization and a high degree of influence
Good colleagues who are motivated for their tasks and thinks creatively and uses their common sense
Wages after qualifications
Personality profile:
Highly analytical and with interest in data analysis and visualization
High drive and is a self-starter who takes responsibility for completing the tasks
Works systematically and focused
Thrives in a dynamic environment and with short deadlines
High cooperation skills across the different functions in the organization
What we offer:
A position in an international and dynamic organization with a unique product range and focus on innovation
Interesting and exciting work with a high degree of freedom
Flat organization and a high degree of influence
Good colleagues who are motivated for their tasks and thinks creatively and uses their common sense
Wages after qualifications
About Hjort Knudsen A/S: Hjort Knudsen is a family owned business head quartered in Western Jutland. Our factories lie in Poland, Ukraine and UK, and we have sales offices in several countries. We are currently app. 2.300 employees. Hjort Knudsen’s main products are upholstered furniture, and we are a financially solid company with a long track record of high and profitable growth. Web address: www.hjortknudsen.com Please send your application to: [відгукнутися] not later than the 15.03.20Please write at [відгукнутися] for eventual questions.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Аналітик баз даних
OKKO Group. Львів.
Бізнес-аналітик 1C
OKKO Group. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Тестувальник
Бізнес-аналітик
QA engineer
Business analyst
QA-інженер
Tester
Analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата аналітика у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3837704
Гарячі вакансії
Customer support, Risk Analyst.
10 000 – 18 000 грн.
PayPro Ukraine. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor