Вакансія: Customer support manager, компанія Unicheck, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер підтримки користувачів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Customer support manager
Unicheck
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Марина ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Unicheck is a cloud-based plagiarism detection software that finds similarities, citations and references in texts.Why join Unicheck?
Because Unicheck is an ever-growing project (well, it just grows since it was founded, that’s all)
Because we use Amazon Web Services hosting (for industry best privacy and security, of course)
Because Unicheck is a fully scalable 100% cloud solution (with a 99.9% up-time)
Because a community-driven product always forces constant progress (thus, our development team keeps getting new challenging tasks in accordance with users' needs and demands)
Because we have integrated Emma, an authorship attribution technology, into Unicheck report to analyze student writing style and predict authorship (without running comparing submission to other texts)
Because Unicheck is a popular anti-plagiarism solution that is already integrated into the world’s leading Learning Management Systems (Canvas, Moodle, Schoology, Blackboard, BrightSpace, Google Classroom, etc.)
Requirements:
Fluent English
Fluent Ukrainian and Russian
Intermediate to Advanced Spanish will be a plus
Previous experience in customer support or sales will be a plus
Excellent Communication skills
Good typing skills
Analytical & Research skills
Responsibilities:
Resolving basic to complex support issues for customer inquiries received via omnichannel support (emails-tickets, live chat and calls)
Becoming a product expert
Ensuring customers' satisfaction
Communicating with developers (and other departments) during investigation of client’s cases reported on Jira
QA — investigation/reproducing of client’s issues
Covering additional tasks on Demand
Working in shifts (day/night/morning)
We offer:
Compensation in USD equivalent
Paid training and trial period (1−3 months)
Day/Evening/Night shifts (Mon-Fri: 09−16, 16−23, 23−06, Weekends: 15−23)
2 days off per week
Comfortable office near metro Pochaina
Friendly and creative atmosphere
Important:As we are a young and fast growing company, we may switch to the full 24/7 support in future.Be ready to work 8 hours per day on average.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Консультант клієнтської підтримки
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Customer Support Manager
SocialTech. Київ.
Quality manager (Customer Support department)
Eurosender. Київ.
Support/Fraud Manager for Payment gateway
Gamingtec. Київ.
Customer support manager
AIR. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Customer support manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера підтримки користувачів у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3776697
Гарячі вакансії
QA Engineer.
UMG (United marketing group). Київ.
Customer Care Expert (English).
WIX. Київ.
Customer support representative.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer Support Consultant (fluent Spanish and English).
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Business process development manager.
Vega, телекоммуникационная группа. Київ.
Middle Front End разработчик.
40 000 грн.*
Стар Вей Медиа. Київ.
Senior QA engineer (manual).
Micro Focus. Київ.
Програміст 1С.
Хлібні інвестиції. Київ.
Web-программист.
20 000 грн.*
Коротень А. М., ФЛП. Київ.
Senior 2D Artist (UI).
Voki Games. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor