Вакансія: Technical Support Specialist, компанія BPO Nextdoor, Inc., робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Спеціаліст технічної підтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Technical Support Specialist
BPO Nextdoor, Inc.
Група компаній;
50–250 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Володимира Великого, 2.
3,6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, дистанційна робота, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
We recently started cooperation with our new client — US company, that provides investigators and research administrators with the easiest-to-use, most efficient tools to manage the research enterprise, backed by the best customer support in the industry.Regarding this, we are searching for an experienced Technical Support Specialist, whose responsibilities include advanced troubleshooting and problem-solving, as well as software upgrades and configurations for our customer’s products.Responsibilities:
Interact with clients to gather necessary information to troubleshoot and provide timely resolution of escalated tickets
Evaluate database-level problems
Identify and escalate account management issues appropriately
Enhance diagnostic and reporting capabilities on application-related topics with reusable SQL and scripts
Meet ticket management, SLA and Customer Satisfaction goals
Develop a solid understanding of Research Administration
Identify, test, and thoroughly document base product defects and enhancements in JIRA
Provide feedback on product direction
Requirements:
1−2 years of technical support experience (preferably using: SaaS software, SOAP and RESTful APIs, Single Sign-On (SSO) and related technologies)
Competency using and writing SQL (MSSQL and POSTGRES) would be an advantage
Organized, with excellent time management skills in the face of rapidly shifting priorities
Experience with Subversion, Zendesk, JIRA, Confluence would be a plus
Languages, Systems and Concepts: HTML, JavaScript, XML, ColdFusion
Availability to perform software upgrades outside regular business hours when necessary
Passionate about helping people and solving problems
Possibility to work remotely in a non-standard schedule (night shifts)
Effective, clear communicator with the ability to adapt communication style for different audiences
Working conditions:
High salary
Compensation for the costs of sports club subscriptions
Ability to visit cinema for free once a month
Relocation Rent Support
Free German and English language classes at our office
Young and friendly team
Regular interesting corporate events (you can check our FB/Instagram to ensure:))
If you consider yourself as a suitable candidate for our position and your language skills are appropriate for our requirements — please send us your CV to [відгукнутися]
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Operations support specialist
RocketRoute Ltd.. Львів.
Buyer Support Services Specialist with knowledge of German
Swissform Ukraine LLC. Львів.
Customer Support Specialist, 11 200 грн
Zone3000, IT-company. Львів.
Customer support specialist
Agiliway. Львів.
Инженер технической поддержки
Аптека низких цен. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Technical support specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста технічної підтримки у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3844482
Гарячі вакансії
Оператор call-центру.
8 000 – 11 000 грн.
Vodafone Україна. Львів.
Robotics Process Automation Junior Specialist.
PwC Service Delivery Center. Львів.
Спеціаліст з інформаційно-консультаційної підтримки (сербська, хорватська).
23 000 грн.
Ранвей Україна, ТОВ. Львів.
Customer support, Risk Analyst.
10 000 – 18 000 грн.
PayPro Ukraine. Львів.
Middle/Senior App Developer.
MSV Multicall. Львів.
Менеджер по продажам (телефонные переговоры).
30 000 грн.*
YourQuery S.R.O.. Львів.
Електрик, спеціаліст-сантехнік для монтажу обладнання автомийок (з навчанням).
12 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Lux Wash. Львів.
Оператор з телефонних продажів.
9 000 – 11 000 грн.
Vodafone Україна. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Technical support specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor