Вакансія: Technical Customer Support Specialist, компанія Cybercube Business Group Ltd, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст технічної підтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 11 березня 2020
Technical Customer Support Specialist
Cybercube Business Group Ltd
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, Ржищівська вулиця.
4,7 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Cybercube Business Group Ltd is an online gaming platform for fans of competitive computer games. We are entering the international market and are planning to attract more than 1 million gamers by 2021.We are looking for a talented Technical Customer Support agent who will assist our target audience and will help to build a community around the product.Must have/be:
1+ years customer support experience
Upper-Intermediate English level (B2)
Experience with automated ticket support systems
Outstanding communicator, stress-resistant, strong work ethic
Able to diagnose software issues and engage with the product and engineering teams using established processes
Self-motivated and eager to learn
Will be a plus:
Be familiar with gaming and eSports (DOTA 2, CS:GO, etc.)
Responsibilities :
Provide customers with support via ticketing system, assist them via chats
Create and manage bug reports via Jira
Communicate with the development team for timely problem-solving and aligning development priorities
Create FAQs and User Guides
Monitor and answer users' complaints on social networks
Updating and editing the Knowledge Base
What we offer:
Young and ambitious team
Large and comfortable office near the Botanical Garden
Competitive salary with an opportunity for career and financial growth
Parking space
In-office chill zones with billiard table and table tennis
The company welcomes a healthy lifestyle, our office is equipped with a shower for cyclists
Good luck and have fun:)
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Оператор технічної підтримки, 9 000 грн
Воля. Київ.
Специалист технической поддержки, JavaScript-программист (SEO, парсинг, NodeJS), 10 000 – 14 000 грн
NetSolutions. Київ.
Technical support specialist, 12 000 – 20 000 грн
TSTech. Київ.
Фахівець з технічної підтримки продажу фіксованого зв'язку
Київстар. Київ.
Специалист технической поддержки
Bomond Group. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Technical support specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста технічної підтримки у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3704781
Гарячі вакансії
Customer support representative.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Technical support specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor