Вакансія: Customer Support Specialist, компанія Readdle, робота в Одесі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
в Одесі
Спеціаліст підтримки користувачів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Customer Support Specialist
Readdle
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Одеса, вулиця Маршала Говорова, 18А.
4,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
Customer Support Specialist contributes to keeping Readdle customers happy and satisfied with the complete range of our products.Spark Support Specialist is a liaison between customers sharing their experience and expectations about Spark and the developers who are open to feedback and are continuously working on bringing the improvements and innovation into the app.We are looking for a person who is keen about productivity products, enthusiastic about talking to customers and is able to read between the lines. The job is a great opportunity to learn about the development process of apps, to gain knowledge about different factors influencing the quality and rating of a product. Continuous communication with mostly English-speaking customers will be useful to enrich communication and writing skills.Responsibilities:
Provide excellent customer service through email and be ready to assist 40−60 users per day.
Report and escalate requests to Quality Assurance and Development teams in order to improve the overall quality of Readdle products.
Prepare product overview by collecting and analyzing customers' needs, user experience, and the workflow.
Contribute to team efforts to maintain the quality of Readdle products.
Develop and maintain in-depth product knowledge and be on top of industry trends to provide top class service.
Keep our end-user product documentation up to date.
Requirements:
Fluent English.
Excellent problem-solving skills.
Advanced business communication skills.
Ability to work according to a flexible schedule.
The persistent interest in software is a plus.
Geeks are welcome ;)
Extra:
French, Spanish, Italian, German, Chinese or Japanese languages knowledge is a plus.
Professional experience on a relevant position (Customer Support) is a plus.
How to apply? Please submit a cover letter explaining:
Why would you like to work in a customer support role.
Why you want to work at Readdle and not somewhere else.
A description of a great customer service/support experience you had recently, and what made it great.
You’ll be leading the way. We’re betting you’re driven to build great things and get awesome results. Join this amazing journey with Readdle.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Call Centre Support Engineer (VoIP)
Autodoc. Одеса.
Специалист технической поддержки (немецкий)
Hyperstardev. Одеса.
Инженер технической поддержки, 7 000 – 15 000 грн
Премьер Инвест ЛТД. Одеса.
Technical support engineer
Wildix. Одеса.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади в Одесі
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Customer support specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота в Одесі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста підтримки користувачів в Одесі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3623396
Гарячі вакансії
Старший техник-монтажник по подключению абонентов к сети интернет.
15 000 грн.*
Provide. Одеса.
CEO (IT-проект).
Key People, HR Agency. Одеса.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor