Вакансія: Customer support representative (German), компанія Govitall, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст техпідтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Customer support representative (German)
Govitall
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
Govitall is the world`s largest international IT product company in the realm of educational projects and driving successful careers. Govitall is the leading company in its sector. Сustomers from 109 countries give preference to our company’s products so we will not list them all :)Now we’re looking for a dedicated, responsible and motivated Customer Support Representative (German) to join our team.Why work with us?The most important thing is for us to work as a team, so we attach great importance to creating a winning corporate culture. We encourage initiative and fresh thinking: creative people, strong ambitious professionals and versatile personalities comprise our team.We offer all these perks typical for IT-companies, though people want to get hired here not only because of goodies, but because of shared values. Nowadays, we are developing several social initiatives.Requirements:
Fluent German language (verbal and written)
Ability to learn fast
Initiative and desire to work
Main responsibilities:
Provide customer support via chat and phone
Consult new clients about products, discounts, payment options etc.
Provide support for existing clients
Follow communication procedures, guidelines and policies
Ensure that each customer receives outstanding service by providing a friendly environment
Conditions of work:
8-hours working day (office)
2 days off per week
We offer:
The most technology-advanced office among IT companies with solar panels installed on our roof, as we strongly support the idea of «green office»
A convenient open-plan workplace with lots of comfortable working areas
Unlimited professional development and growth opportunities (the company covers the сost of conferences, seminars, courses and other events (including foreign ones)
Free on-site bicycle and car parking with electric cars charging points
Free English lessons, corporate library and yoga classes
Сorporate events and means of entertainment (Playstation, table tennis and football)
A large number of team development and team building trainings as well as huge and lively corporate parties, our own football team, table tennis tournaments
Sport compensation: gym membership/ sport activities reimbursement. We do really care about healthy lifestyle
You can check out our workspace here: https://jobs.dou.ua/companies/govitall/photos/
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Customer Support, Compliance representative (German Departmant)
Clever 4ever. Київ.
Customer support representative (Spanish, Portuguese, Romanian, German), 17 000 – 20 000 грн
Eurosender. Київ.
Customer support manager with the knowledge of English and German, Spanish or Italian, 14 500 грн
BlueData OU. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста техпідтримки у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3149968
Гарячі вакансії
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Customer support representative.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support representative»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor