Вакансія: Customer Support Agent, 13 000 грн, компанія Конча Солюшин, ТОВ, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Агент підтримки користувачів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Customer Support Agent
13 000 грн · Depends on the exchange rate
Конча Солюшин, ТОВ
Освіта, наука;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
The leading financial institution, that operates for more than 8 years in Ukraine, is looking for Customer Support Agents in English, French, Portuguese in our young and friendly team.If you have no experience, don’t worry, our company conducts training sessionsYou will be of great asset if you:
you possess great English / French / Portuguese written and oral communication skills;
A desire to learn new;
quick learnability;
excellent communication skills;
non-conflict;
knowledges working with computer — Microsoft Office, Word, Excel;
positive attitude to work.
Responsibilities:
Handling incoming / outgoing calls;
Formal email communication with international customers;
Assisting with technical issues;
Delivering a high level of service to our expanding client base;
Execution of tasks assigned by the team leader;
Control of conversations quality;
Documents check.
Will be a plus:
Skills of working with phone calls and active listening; experience working with clients;
Customer focus and adaptability;
stress resistance is what you can easily demonstrate upon a need, ability to work in a high-loaded atmosphere;
Ability to multi-task, prioritize, and manage the time effectively;
Knowledge of CRM-systems.
We offer:
Salary: 500 $ + support bonuses;
Location: the historical center of Kyiv, 10 minutes walk from the metro;
Fruits, yummy, coffee and tea offered in the kitchen all the time;
24 days of paid vacation per year;
Opportunity to combine employment with studies — flexible schedule (morning / evening / night shifts);
Corporate parties organised and fully paid by the company ;)
Ready to supercharge your career? Apply now!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Консультант клієнтської підтримки
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Customer Support Manager
SocialTech. Київ.
Quality manager (Customer Support department)
Eurosender. Київ.
Customer support manager
AIR. Київ.
Оператор технічної підтримки, 9 000 грн
Воля. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Customer support agent
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата агента підтримки користувачів у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3854750
Гарячі вакансії
Senior Video Software Engineer (С++).
Codeminders. Київ.
Оператор call-центра в интернет-зоомагазин.
15 000 грн.
Pethouse. Київ.
Java Developer.
Micro Focus. Київ.
Web-программист.
20 000 грн.*
Коротень А. М., ФЛП. Київ.
Аналитик.
Rost Group. Київ.
Системный администратор.
18 000 грн.
СмартШоп. Київ.
Senior Back-End Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Senior Full Stack Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Менеджер по интеграции баз данных.
18 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Proxima Research International. Київ.
SMM-менеджер.
Столичная Ювелирная Фабрика. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support agent»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor