Вакансія: ERP support consultant, компанія Enapps Ltd., робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Консультант ERP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 12 березня 2020
ERP support consultant
Enapps Ltd.
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Зелена, 273.
4,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Requirements:
Enjoy helping people, resolve problems, and analysing complex issues
Fluent English — written and spoken
Customer service orientated
5+ years finance, accounting, business experience and related academic qualification
Previous experience with various accounting and business software, ideally any of SAP, Sage, Oracle, Sybase, Peoplesoft, Epicor, Microsoft Dynamics, Quickbooks, etc.
We offer:
Excellent working environment as part of a growing team.
Good management.
Great growing company positioned in a niche market.
A varied role with constant growth and always something new to learn and develop.
4 weeks of paid vacations
Company paid English classes.
Responsibilities:
Creating a detailed business analysis, outlining problems, opportunities and solutions for a business, uncovering areas for improvement
Leading ongoing reviews of business processes and developing optimization strategies.
Managing projects, developing project plans, and monitoring performance
Become a functional expert of the ERP
Answering Telephone — client calls
Write ERP system manuals
More informal: the job will include business trips to UK, to visit customers onsite for a better understanding of what they do and how we can improve their current business processes
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Фахівець з підтримки користувачів ERP-систем
Carlsberg Ukraine, PJSC. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Customer support representative
Support manager
Спеціаліст технічної підтримки
Customer support specialist
Менеджер по роботі з замовниками
Спеціаліст підтримки користувачів
ERP consultant
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3826747
Тренінги по темі «ERP consultant»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor