Вакансія: Senior Automation Test Engineer (JavaScript), робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Test engineer
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Senior Automation Test Engineer (JavaScript)
Компанія прихована
Львів
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
ELEKS Quality Assurance Office
is looking for Senior Automation Test Engineer (JavaScript) in our Lviv and Kyiv OfficesABOUT PROJECTWe develop a healthcare platform and help insurers automate business processes.RESPONSIBILITIES
Review, analyze and assess project requirements and specifications as well as product functionality to convert them into quality control process artefacts
Prepare and acquire test data
Develop, execute, refactor and optimize automation scripts
Log and evaluate results and document deviations from the expected results
Use automation scripts administration, monitoring, and management tools
Provide automation test environment setup
Review test artefacts developed by others
Contribute to automation process control definition and improvement
Provide new automation tools or approaches investigation and implementation
Provide test documentation creation
Communicate with a customer
REQUIREMENTS
At least 3 years of experience
Experience developing automated tests using JavaScript
UI automation tools (Protractor or WDIO)
API testing — is a plus
Experience of developing, integrating automation frameworks
At least an Upper-Intermediate level of English
Definition of what should be Automated
Cooperation with QA engineers
Regression testing and reporting
Reports generation (Allure or similar)
WHAT WILL YOU GET WITH ELEKS
Above average compensation and competitive Social package
Close cooperation with a customer
Business trips
Challenging tasks
Competence development
Ability to influence project technologies
Projects from scratch
Team of professionals
Dynamic environment with low level of bureaucracy
Medical insurance
ABOUT ELEKSELEKS is a custom software development company. We deliver value to our clients, thanks to our expertise and experience gained from working as a software innovation partner since 1991.Our 1,500+ professionals located in the Delivery Centers across Eastern Europe and sales offices in Europe and North America, provide our clients with a full range of software engineering services. These include product development, QA, R&D, design, technology consulting and dedicated teams.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Lead/Senior QA Automation Engineer, 3 000 – 4 500 грн
SliceIQ. Львів.
Test Automation Engineer (Social Project)
Sigma Software. Львів.
Junior Automation QA Engineer
Personalities. Львів.
Middle QA Automation (C#) Engineer, Registry App
DataArt. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Тестувальник
QA engineer
QA-інженер
Tester
Програміст Java
Java developer
Test engineer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата test engineer в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3854907
Тренінги по темі «Test engineer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor