Вакансія: Middle JavaScript Engineer (Ember.js), компанія DataArt, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Javascript engineer
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Middle JavaScript Engineer (Ember.js)
DataArt
· VIP
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Харків, майдан Захисників України, 7/8.
2,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Тамара Змиевская ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
DataArt is engaged in IT consulting and software development. Since 1997, we have been designing, developing, modernizing, and supporting solutions that help the businesses of our clients grow. DataArt started out as a company of friends and has a special culture that distinguishes it from other IT outsourcers, such as:— Flat structure. There are no «bosses» and «subordinates».— We hire people not to a project, but to the company. If the project (or your work in it) is over, you go to another project or to a paid «Idle».— Flexible schedule, ability to change projects, to work from home, to try yourself in different roles.— Minimal bureaucracy and micromanagement, convenient corporate services.Required Skills and Experience:
3+ years of web development experience
Solid knowledge of JavaScript (ES5, ES6)
Knowledge of and experience working with Ember.js
Knowledge of HTML, CSS and flexible design
Experience of cross-browser development and adaptation
Experience working with Git version control system
Good spoken English
DataArt Offers:• Professional Development:— Experienced colleagues who are ready to share knowledge;— The ability to switch projects, technology stacks, try yourself in different roles;— More than 150 workplaces for advanced training;— Study and practice of English: courses and communication with colleagues and clients from different countries;— Support of speakers who make presentations at conferences and meetings of technology communities.• The ability to focus on your work: a lack of bureaucracy and micromanagement, and convenient corporate services;• Friendly atmosphere, concern for the comfort of specialists;• Flexible schedule and the ability to work remotely; • The ability to work in any of our development centers
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle JS Developer
Deviсo. Харків.
Senior JavaScript Developer
NIX Solutions. Харків.
PHP/JS developer
ITCraft. Харків.
Trainee Full-stack JS developer
TechStack. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
Програміст PHP
PHP developer
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Javascript engineer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата javascript engineer в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3857737
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor