Вакансія: PHP/JS developer, компанія ITCraft, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Програміст PHP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
PHP/JS developer
ITCraft
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Харків
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
We are looking for a developer who wants to work as a PHP/JS developer on the project specializing in immediate and scheduled video calls/webinars, support white-label solutions to many platforms with unique feature stack. If you have a strong sense of responsibility, great motivation with the ability to achieve results, ability to apply logical thinking to define problems and wish to work in the SCRUM team, then this position is an excellent opportunity for you! About the project:The system is a complex of configurable subsystems that provides searching, organizing and conducting audio/video/chat for short consultations, long group calls and webinars for up to 1500 people. The system supports multiple platforms, each of which is configured for its own set of functions and has a customized design.Required qualifications:
2+ years of experience on commercial project;
Strong knowledge of PHP 7, OOP, SOLID, LoD, REST;
Experience with Symfony framework and Doctrine ORM;
Experience in designing automation unit and functional tests;
Knowledge of MySQL 5.7 (design, indexing, optimization);
Knowledge of Git version control system and Git workflow best practices;
Knowledge of Javascript (ES5/ES6);
Intermediate English (writing and reading);
Experience with developing scalable systems;
Understanding of microservice architecture.
Will be a plus experience with:
Redis;
Elasticsearch;
TypeScript, NodeJS;
Docker, Amazon Web Services (EC2, ECS, CloudWatch, S3, RDS, ElastiCache);
WebSocket;
CI/CD;
Jenkins.
IT Craft offers:
Competitive salary according to the qualifications;
Comfortable working environment;
Flexible working hours;
Benefits package;
Reward for sport activities;
In-house English training.
Please send your CV.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Junior Full Stack PHP/JS Developer
MaybeWorks. Харків.
Junior Full Stack PHP/JS Developer
Antagosoft. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Програміст PHP
PHP developer
Розробник PHP
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Back end програміст
Back end developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста PHP у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3788396
Тренінги по темі «PHP developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor