Вакансія: Python/JS Developer, компанія Beetroot, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Javascript-програміст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Python/JS Developer
Beetroot · VIP
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ, Лук'янівський провулок, 6.
2,3 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Things are happening at Beetroot! We’re growing steadily, and are looking for an ambitious Python/JS to join our team on behalf of an exciting client.Our client is an Israeli company that builds an email apps platform to enable its users to utilize their emails in a more productive and engaging way. They provide a signature solution for web-based e-mails, Google Apps e-mails with hundreds of thousands of active users.In our model, you’ll interact with the client directly, while working alongside our merry band of Beetroots in Ukraine. It gives you the best of both worlds — international experience with an innovative and life-changing company while enjoying the comforts (and borsch!) of home.Responsibilities:
Developing demo versions of all products using Python and JavaScript environment;
Closely collaborating with the CTO regarding the development of new and existing features;
Taking active part in making decisions regarding tech stack, architecture, development process and so on.
What we’re looking for
Experience with Vue.js;
Good knowledge and experience with Python 3;
Excellent HTML\CSS expertise;
Great English level both written and spoken.
Bonus
Experience working with Flask;
You love borsch!
About BeetrootWe’re a Swedish-Ukrainian IT company, building dream teams of developers and designers for companies around the globe. As an emerging company co-producing with other emerging companies, we work with the start-up seedlings, as well as the huge oak trees. In essence, we’re the cannonball for our client’s success. With over 300 team members, Beetroot is a family—we're a tightly knit bunch that love spending time together. We want to provide a cozy working environment that’s packed full of trust, equality, and steaming bowls of borsch!Oh, and we provide great perks. Which means…
Working with our minimum level of hierarchy, family-feel team in a comfortable, well-equipped office
Great networking opportunities with international clients
Personal development and professional growth opportunities
Competitive salary, paid vacation, medical top-up, and social benefits
Team building activities like ski trips, Beetroot breakfasts, movie nights… and more!
English lessons with native speakers
Discounted Beetroot Academy courses
Annual allowance to participate in competence-enhancing events
What are you waiting for? Shoot us over your CV in English
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle Full stack developer (Python/Django, JS/Angular)
Meest China. Київ.
Python developer, 15 000 – 80 000 грн
Involve. Київ.
Developer in Test (Python)
Київ.
Специалист технической поддержки, JavaScript-программист (SEO, парсинг, NodeJS), 10 000 – 14 000 грн
NetSolutions. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
Програміст PHP
PHP developer
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата javascript-програміста у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3733324
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor