Вакансія: Team/Tech JS Lead, компанія Everad, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Javascript lead
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Team/Tech JS Lead
Everad
Маркетинг, реклама, PR;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Кожум'яцька.
1,6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Everad is a global direct advertiser and CPA network in Nutra vertical «Health Beauty».We started in 2012 with a small team on boards. Now more than 200 employees work in the company. We cover markets of the CIS, Europe, Asia and Central Africa.In addition, our company is recognized as one of the best employers in Ukraine according to the DOU 2018 — 2019 rating.We are looking for Tech/Team JS Lead to develop our CPA platform.Job Requirements:
Proven experience with JavaScript;
3+ years of experience with Node.js;
2+ years of experience with Vue.js or React.js;
Experience with PostgreSQL;
Good knowledge of Linux (key OS concepts, objects, practical knowledge like how to configure iptables, how to diagnose network issues, what are docker containers, how to protect from DDoS, etc);
Strong analytics skills;
Essential Job Functions:Leading project:
taking architectural decisions;
developing key features;
guiding testing activities;
taking care about feedback cycle;
Leading team:
participating in business requirements analysis;
defining strategy of task distribution to ensure high velocity and optimal team load;
guiding team members' professional development in context of project needs;
defining team roles, processes, hiring/firing people to ensure optimal team structure to achieve long term project goals;
We offer:
Opportunities for professional and career development;
Decent salary according to experience and skills;
Flexible working hours (the beginning of the working day 9:00 — 11:00, ending 18:00 — 20:00);
Education, development of hard soft skills (internal and external), access to informational resources, corporate English language courses;
Active and interesting corporate life;
Work in a modern office in Podol (Vozdvizhenka).
We want you to join our team as soon as possible!Learn more about the company’s life and open job positions:https://www.facebook.com/everad.newjob/
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior HelpDesk Specialist, Team Lead
3Shape Ukraine. Київ.
Python/JS Developer
Beetroot. Київ.
PHP Team Lead
Logic Media. Київ.
Специалист технической поддержки, JavaScript-программист (SEO, парсинг, NodeJS), 10 000 – 14 000 грн
NetSolutions. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Team leader
Team lead
Тім лід
Програміст PHP
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
PHP developer
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Розробник PHP
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата javascript lead у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3857485
Тренінги по темі «Team lead»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor