Вакансія: Digital Marketing Specialist, компанія Geberit Trading LLC, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 24 березня 2020
Digital Marketing Specialist
Geberit Trading LLC
Група компаній;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, проспект Степана Бандери, 9.
5,5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Geberit Group is a European leader in the field of sanitary products with its headquarters located in Switzerland.Geberit Trading LLC, a Ukrainian sales company of the Group, is in search of a proactive person willing to join our marketing team.We expect our new co-worker to:
Support our corporate websites (content management, webs development and update).
Develop new landing pages and support advertising campaigns and initiatives.
Build and manage the company’s social media profiles and presence (Facebook, Instagram).
Develop, optimize and improve SEA campaigns.
Optimize and improve our websites according to the SEO standards.
Gather and analyze website statistics: reports, recommendations, improvements.
Perform other marketing activities on demand.
Requirements to the candidates:
At least 2 years of experience in digital marketing.
Google Ads and Facebook Ads proficiency.
Experience in the execution of social/digital campaigns and website content management.
Strong English command, Ukrainian and Russian language fluency.
Analytical thinking, result orientation, and proactive attitude.
We offer:
Official employment in strict accordance with employment law.
24 days of vacation and sick pays.
Competitive salary and bonuses.
3-months probationary period.
Medical and life insurance after the probationary period.
A strong and friendly team of professionals.
Corporate training events for soft and hard skills development.
Modern office located in Kyiv, Obolon'.
Join us!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Digital маркетинг-менеджер
Фоззи, гипермаркет. Київ.
Digital-маркетолог в образовательную компанию, 15 000 – 30 000 грн
Level Consulting Group. Київ.
Digital Marketing Manager
JatApp. Київ.
Marketing Project, Digital Manager
Нова Пошта, ТОВ. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
CRM-менеджер
Інтернет-маркетолог
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста з маркетингу у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3809053
Гарячі вакансії
Маркетолог.
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Market Research Analyst.
Київстар. Київ.
Бренд-менеджер.
25 000 – 40 000 грн.
Ельфа Лабораторія, ТОВ. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Marketing specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor