Вакансія: Соціолог-аналітик, market research analyst, компанія Львівська консалтингова група, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Спеціаліст з дослідження ринку
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Соціолог-аналітик, market research analyst
Львівська консалтингова група
· Агенція
Пошук персоналу, HR;
менше 10 співробітників
Львів
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Соціолог-аналітик / Market Research AnalystAn exciting opportunity for a market research professional to join a highly dynamic and innovative international team within the market intelligence space.
Frequent international business travel
Professional development and attractive growth opportunities in this role
Flexible employment options
About Our ClientOur client is an internationally recognized research company that specializes in providing independent market intelligence in international education and student accommodation. The company provides comprehensive research data and market insights to over 100 governments, institutions, investors and diverse group of high ranking companies all over the globe.An UNWTO Affiliate member, ESOMAR member, 10 years market experience.Job DescriptionThe Research Analyst will lead researches of student preferences and behaviors, as well as industry stakeholder performance on the quarterly and annual basis and provide findings and insights in the form of reports.The Research Analyst will:
Design quantitative and qualitative market research surveys;
Conduct statistical analyses of raw data sets;
Correlate and evaluate results, write analyses;
Transform data analyses into interactive graphs and infographics together with specialist suppliers;
Interpret trend data;
Manage and work with data collectors carrying out surveys, polls, and data collection;
work with proof readers and copywriters on final delivery of ready reports for industry publication;
Communicate with clients in the form of ongoing data and project based dialogues, deliver presentations.
Requirements:
University degree in Sociology, Marketing
English Language, both oral and written — Intermediate (B1) or higher;
At least 2 years experience with survey design, data analysis and/or report writing;
Evidence of past achievements and ability to showcase previous work;
Microsoft Excel — advanced, Microsoft PowerPoint — advanced;
Attention to detail and thoroughness;
Result-oriented approach;
Excellent soft skills, team spirit and a sense of humor.
Offer:
A competitive salary
An honest reward structure;
Complete suite of technical equipment;
Flexible working hours and home office possibilities;
Professional development opportunities in the form of courses, conferences, and personal coaching;
Wellness and social programs.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Фахівець з аналітики
OKKO Group. Львів.
Інтернет маркетолог (SEO, SMM, PPC), 7 500 – 25 000 грн
SolidBrain. Львів.
Аналітик
Кормотех, ТОВ. Львів.
Маркетолог, 15 000 грн
Мандзиняк Д.Й., ФОП. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Маркетолог
Data scientist
Бренд-менеджер
Аналітик
Marketing manager
Analyst
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
Соціолог
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
Освіта, наука
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста з дослідження ринку у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3852128
Гарячі вакансії
Online Marketing Specialist.
19 000 – 69 000 грн.*
TalentTeam. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Соціолог»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor