Вакансія: Product Marketing Manager, компанія Gameloft, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Продукт-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Product Marketing Manager
Gameloft
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків, проспект Незалежності, 10.
1,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Job Summary:
As part of the Marketing department and working in close collaboration with the production, monetization and user acquisition team, you will manage, launch, promote and sustain a portfolio of social free-to-play games throughout their entire life cycle. This role is located in our production studio in Kharkov but you will also work and coordinate with our international teams including but not limited to local Marketing & PR Managers, web development studios, video production studios, artists, Community Managers and Customer Care Managers.
You will be responsible for:
Product marketing:
Identify the game’s target audience, positioning, values, and selling points
Create brand identity: title, packaging, and «story telling» around game’s scenario and characters
Manage the marketing deliverables: keep up to date a reliable planning, create the marketing deliverables with the marketing artists, and make sure the marketing assets are top notch quality
Conduct market researches, competition benchmarks, polls and consumer studies and deliver relevant analysis according to identified problematic
Follow the game development stages and make recommendations to improve user experience, engagement, socialization and retention
Coordinate game’s approval with copyrights owner (Universal, Sony Pictures, Ubisoft, Marvel, etc.)
Global launch plan:
Define the marketing strategy to create brand awareness and generate traffic and installations including but not limited to: press relations, promotion and partnership programs, social marketing actions, traffic acquisition recommendations, etc.
Coordinate implementation with local marketing & PR teams, Key Account Managers, Game Monetization & User Acquisition Manager, and partners
Constantly support our sales teams in any way with pitch docs for app stores merchandising, develop specific sales tools
Create game’s promotional tools, including videos, web assets, screenshots, store descriptions and visuals, PR tools and all other needed assets for special marketing initiatives
Analyze marketing campaign results and report it to game’s team, top management, and licensor
Game Evolution:
Coordinate community management and customer care activities and develop messaging and set specific game customer care policy when needed
Measure and analyze game users' feedback, behavior, and market’s acceptance. Share results & recommendations with game’s production team and top management
Prioritize bugs fixes and user experience improvements, following up on the game updates schedule with production team and monetization manager
Manage a marketing calendar based on game’s updates and promotions, and oversee related announcements, merchandising, and community management
Desired Skills & Experience:
3+ years in consumer marketing, ideally in online entertainment or social products
Knowledge and passion for video games from hardcore gamers titles to casual social games, and entertainment as a whole
Strong analytical skills with a meticulous mind
Creative spirit capable of creating innovative marketing programs that are result oriented
Strong leadership skills
Ability to work with a wide range of profiles (business, game design, analysts, etc.)
Advanced English level is a must
business correspondence in English is crucial as well as negotiating with license and trade mark holders
To apply, you should send us the following documents:
CV only in English
Cover Letter in English with the subject «Why do I want to join Gameloft at the position of a Product Manager?»
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
SMM-маркетолог
Тайфун-2000. Харків.
Маркетолог, 12 000 – 15 000 грн
FRC Professional Cosmetics. Харків.
Product manager
Gameloft. Харків.
Руководитель проекта, маркетолог, 6 000 – 8 000 грн
Plast Print. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Продакт-менеджер
Продукт-менеджер
Product manager
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing manager
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата продукт-менеджера в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3856244
Тренінги по темі «Product manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor