Вакансія: Email Marketing specialist, компанія Valtech, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Email Marketing specialist
Valtech
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Верхній Вал.
2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
The Ideal Candidate
3 years' experience with any of the Marketing campaign management tools and/or email management tools;
experience in customer focused targeting, segmentation techniques and marketing essential;
some technical skills in SQL & JavaScript are important;
good understanding of XML, HTML and CSS;
understanding of relational databases;
knowledge of CRM and Analytical systems;
customer facing and excellent oral and written communication skills;
English on Upper-intermediate level (both oral, written);
willingness to travel, depending on business needs.
Optional
experience with Adobe Campaign;
experience with any of the Adobe Experience Cloud products (AEM, Audience Manager, Target).
What Balance Means to Us
a modern office, comfortable work environment, and the best available tools;
business trips to Europe/US;
20 working days of vacation;
medical insurance;
sick leave (up to 20 days a year);
unpaid leave (up to 20 days a year);
paid days off (2 days);
private entrepreneur leave (2 days);
ability to work from home;
professional certifications coverage 100% (successfully passed);
English classes;
sport hobbies compensation;
ability to participate in Global Valtech R&D initiatives (AR/VR projects and IoT projects).
The RoleYour role will play a key part in ensuring the delivery of data selections for highly targeted CRM campaigns. You will also work closely with the client and business teams to ensure your campaigns are built to brief and exceed client expectations in ROI.You will manage the database, customer profiling, segmentation and targeting through extracting segments, managing targeting models and managing data loads.The role will be based around marketing platform development using Adobe Campaign, so previous experience using Adobe Campaign and a solid level of development background is highly desired.You will have end-to-end campaign build experience, with skills in using at least one campaign management tool, ideally Adobe Campaign or Unica.As a consultant you are expected to develop expertise both in technology and in communicating complex concepts and rationale to non-techies. We’ll encourage and support this with frequent opportunities to share ideas internally. We also have consultants frequently deliver at regional, national and global conferences.The OpportunityValtech is looking for Marketing Automation Specialist who can deliver end-to-end marketing implementation projects covering all elements from requirements gathering through to development and documentation.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Email-маркетолог, 20 000 грн
Osiris Unlimited. Київ.
Email-маркетолог, 20 000 – 40 000 грн
Zlodei Team, рекламное агентство. Київ.
Email-маркетолог, 20 000 грн
Moneyveo. Київ.
Email-маркетолог
Maxi Group International. Київ.
Email-маркетолог
Инфо сорс, ООО. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
CRM-менеджер
Інтернет-маркетолог
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста з маркетингу у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3854877
Гарячі вакансії
Бренд-менеджер.
25 000 – 40 000 грн.
Ельфа Лабораторія, ТОВ. Київ.
Маркетолог.
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Market Research Analyst.
Київстар. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Marketing specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor