Вакансія: Marketing specialist (Early Life Nutrition), компанія Данон, ГК (Данон Україна, Нутриція Україна), робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Marketing specialist (Early Life Nutrition)
Данон, ГК (Данон Україна, Нутриція Україна)
Товари народного споживання (FMCG), продукти харчування;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ, проспект Степана Бандери, 28А.
4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Danone is a global company with an inspiring mission, «Bringing health through food to as many people as possible». We are proud to be the leaders in the segment of Fresh Dairy Products and in Specialized Nutrition segment. With us, you can learn and develop yourself in a collaborative and empowering environment.Now we are announcing an opening of Marketing Specialist position in Early Life Nutrition.MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES:
Day-to-day project management to deliver product launch under supervision of Senior Brand Manager.
Day-to-day communication with Global team at each step of product launch (under supervision of Senior Brand Manager).
Efficient Cross-functional cooperation with Sales, Supply Chain, Finance, Logistics teams and any involved departments.
Support Sr. Brand Manager in execution of all consumer marketing activities.
Cooperation with external agencies in terms of brief creation and internal alignment; control of the execution and timely launch of the projects.
Preparation of analytics and business reporting based on data from: image and usage studies, retail audit, sales/media/promotional activity and other marketing researches.
MAIN REQUIREMENTS:
1+ years experience in Marketing and Project Management.
Communication skills.
Be independent enough to make judgements and propose solutions.
Experience in cooperation with agencies.
Higher education in Marketing/Business/Economics.
Strong analytical, problem-solving and multitasking skills.
WE OFFER:
Official employment.
Medical insurance.
Paid vacation and sick leaves.
Challenging job in the international environment.
Comfortable and modern office with a Relax Zone.
Variety of knowledge sharing and training opportunities.
Great professional team and friendly environment.
YOU ARE LOOKING FOR FULFILLMENT? WE ARE LOOKING FOR YOU!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Product, marketing manager, 20 000 – 30 000 грн
Lazarev.Agency. Київ.
Digital Marketing Specialist
Geberit Trading LLC. Київ.
Marketing manager (FMCG)
Smart Solutions. Київ.
Marketing manager, 20 000 грн
Lazarev.Agency. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
CRM-менеджер
Інтернет-маркетолог
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста з маркетингу у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3857627
Гарячі вакансії
Market Research Analyst.
Київстар. Київ.
Маркетолог.
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Бренд-менеджер.
25 000 – 40 000 грн.
Ельфа Лабораторія, ТОВ. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Marketing specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor