Вакансія: Marketing analyst, компанія Smart Solutions, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Аналітик з маркетингу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Marketing analyst
Smart Solutions
· VIP · Агенція
Пошук персоналу, HR;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Our partner, a leader in the soft drink industry, is looking for Marketing Analyst.Purpose of the job:
Provide accurate and meaningful commercial insights to Senior management team in the areas of market share reporting, Consumer and Shopper data;
Lead the creation of descriptive analysis;
Take participation in Long Range Plan creation with providing the Insights;
Monthly performance analysis conclusion preparation delivery to Commercial Teams;
Responsibility for running regular and ad hoc reports base on Nielsen Retail Audit and other data sources;
Supporting other team members with in-depth understanding of research methodologies;
Lead onboarding process on insights relevant data bases.
Skills Knowledge:
Strong analytical skills which will allow generation of strong recommendations based on insights;
Good presentation skills and ability to present complex analysis in a friendly, digestible way;
Management and merging of different data sources;
Strong influencing, interpersonal and communication skills;
IT literate with effective skills in Excel (ideally advanced) and PowerPoint.
Experience Required:
University degree, economics, technical, IT or related field;
3+ years professional experience in Marketing Research (on agency or Client side) or Marketing;
Proficiency in using RMS Nielsen.
Company offers:
Meaningful work in a company that is leader in NARTD market;
Work in a smart and motivated team within a supportive and inclusive culture with strong values;
Competitive salary;
Compensation benefits package, which includes: medical insurance, meal allowance, company product sampling;
Corporate buses from metro stations: Chernigivska, Lybidska, Pochaina, Poznyaky.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Head of marketing, директор в отдел аффилиации
Osiris Unlimited. Київ.
Младший маркетолог
Импорт-Офис Украина, ООО. Київ.
Search Engine Marketing Director
Mobilunity. Київ.
Internet marketing specialist, junior media buyer, 16 900 – 18 000 грн
Івед, ТОВ. Київ.
Маркетолог
La Famiglia, рестораны. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Інтернет-маркетолог
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата аналітика з маркетингу у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3697853
Гарячі вакансії
SMM-менеджер.
Столичная Ювелирная Фабрика. Київ.
Категорийный менеджер (косметика).
Импеpия-холдинг, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер з зовнішньої реклами.
18 000 грн.
Червоний Маркет. Київ.
Сценарист игр.
Voki Games. Київ.
Market Research Analyst.
Київстар. Київ.
SMM-менеджер.
24 500 – 35 000 грн.*
Правэкс, ООО. Київ.
Фахівець з внутрішніх комунікацій.
Фора, ТОВ. Київ.
Бренд-менеджер.
25 000 – 40 000 грн.
Ельфа Лабораторія, ТОВ. Київ.
Head of Sales and Marketing.
30 000 – 37 000 грн.
Live Animations Corp.. Київ.
Помощник руководителя по рекламе.
24 000 грн.*
Мельник Н.В., ФЛП. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor