Вакансія: Marketing Art Lead, компанія Gameloft, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Marketing Art Lead
Gameloft
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків, проспект Незалежності, 10.
1,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Reporting to the Director of the Gameloft Creative Agency, Marketing Assets Lead will work closely with the latter, and with the Studio Marketing Director, the creative director and the Production Marketing Managers, to coordinate personnel with a view to meeting the video needs of product leads and other internal clients. He will communicate with 2D and 3D artists, the motion designers and video editors to develop an action plan and deliver high-quality video and static content within the required deadlines. He will communicate with clients about delivery deadlines and ensure the successful internal operation of the team.Main Tasks and Responsibilities:
Analyzing video requests and launching projects
Coordinating personnel to ensure delivery is on time
Communicating with clients about delivery deadlines
Ensuring schedules are up to date and creating task lists
Providing quality control of the team’s work
Demonstrating a positive attitude and setting the example in terms of work ethic
Be able to help the artists on their task
Required Skills and Attributes:
At least 5 years' experience in audiovisual production, marketing or a related field
Strong experience in art direction
A knowledge of, and a passion for, video games
A love of risk-taking, and openness to new ideas
Excellent organizational and analytical skills that allow for the delivery of high-quality projects within strict deadlines
Creativity and pragmatism in finding solutions that help overcome obstacles and advance the project
Ability to maintain perspective and manage priorities
Leadership
A love of teamwork
Expected Results:
Respecting delivery deadlines
Maintaining the highest standards of professional with regard to the team
Maintaining good relationships with product leads
Important: Your portfolio will convey technical mastery and a natural eye for artistic creativity and design.In order for us to consider your application, please send us the link to your online portfolio.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
SMM-маркетолог
Тайфун-2000. Харків.
Маркетолог, 12 000 – 15 000 грн
FRC Professional Cosmetics. Харків.
Руководитель проекта, маркетолог, 6 000 – 8 000 грн
Plast Print. Харків.
Интернет-маркетолог, 11 000 – 14 000 грн
Мамин Дом. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3858294
Тренінги по темі «Marketing Art Lead»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor