Вакансія: HR-менеджер, компанія Quest Marketing LTD, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
HR-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
HR-менеджер
Quest Marketing LTD
Маркетинг, реклама, PR;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Незакінчена вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Key tasks:
Provide full cycle of HR service to the teams, including adaptation, team reviews, performance appraisal, retention tools;
Working with Teams on improving the quality of cooperation and business unit performance;
One-to-one meeting providing;
Drive, influence, advise and support the cultural and people aspects of organizational change, structures, people processes, and business improvement initiatives in order to improve business efficiency and people management allowing for planned growth;
Assist in customizing of HR procedures and ensure they are followed by employees;
Provide personal support on the research, design, and development of HR initiatives;
Responds to organizational changes, employees' needs, complains, wishes, creating solutions to employee’s challenges.
Knowledge and skills:
2+ years in HR role, or a solid background in HR;
Upper-Intermediate level of spoken and written English;
Strong communication and interpersonal skills;
A proactive approach to achieving business objectives and finding solutions to business challenges;
Excellent organization and planning skills with a high level of attention to detail;
Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities;
Great desire to work with people;
Ability to handle multitasking efficiently;
Experience in the IT industry is a plus.
We offer you:
Opportunities for professional development and personal growth;
Convenient modern office in a 5 minutes' walk from Olimpiyskaya metro station, free fruits and drinks in the office;
Flexible working hours;
Inspiration atmosphere and teamwork;
Exciting corporate events teambuildings;
Competitive salary;
Medical Insurance
We will be glad to welcome you in our team!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Фахівець з підбору та оцінки персоналу
Ашан. Київ.
Инспектор по кадрам (Южная Борщаговка), 15 000 грн
НД, группа компаний. Київ.
Инспектор отдела кадров
Impel Griffin Group. Київ.
Рекрутер, спеціаліст з підбору персонала
Київ.
HR-менеджер, 20 000 грн
Веремейчук М.Л., ФОП. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер з персоналу
HR-менеджер
Рекрутер
Інспектор відділу кадрів
Кадровик
Модератор
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Управління персоналом, HR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата HR-менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3839906
Гарячі вакансії
Рекрутер (HR).
20 000 – 25 000 грн.*
Blackstone System limited. Київ.
Рекрутер.
13 500 грн.
Master Call LLC. Київ.
Начальник отдела кадров.
Белое-Сухое, мережа магазинів. Київ.
Скаут, менеджер, рекрутер в брачное агентство.
25 000 грн.
ElSharm. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «HR-менеджер»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor