Вакансія: Sales Manager (Digital Marketing company), компанія Rioks, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Digital-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 6 березня 2020
Sales Manager (Digital Marketing company)
Base salary + commission
Rioks
Група компаній;
10–50 співробітників
Львів
Повна зайнятість, неповна зайнятість, дистанційна робота, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Незакінчена вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
This position is an exciting opportunity for the successful candidate with an experience of digital agency services sales, understanding a marketing/advertising agency business model and a proficiency in B2B relations.A position is remote with a flexible time management and a freedom to chose a working location. An opportunity to work in Rioks Plovdiv and Lviv offices is here as well.We are looking for a highly motivated, committed and enterprising candidate with exceptional communication skills and proven success in digital agency, SaaS product company or B2B sales, generating new business and account managing. The candidate is also expected to have a team ethic, hands-on approach and be willing to join in with all aspects of the hire processes.Whilst sales naturally forms a key part, the position is a multi-layered role which will also include aspects of Account Management, Project Management, and Business Development.If you enjoy sales, you are not afraid to pick up the phone, you are imaginative, bright, friendly and confident then this role is for you!This role involves:
B2B agency services sales
End to end client management
Maximise revenue stream
Identify, source and close new business opportunities
Constantly maintain awareness of sales opportunities within the industry
Establish, develop and maintain excellent relationships with both new and existing clients
Handle enquiries and hire administration
Provide sales forecasts, competitor analysis and marketing plans
Maintain the event diary and CRM system
Ensure all requests are confirmed and carried out correctly
Attend industry events as and when necessary
Product/services training plus on-going guidance and support
The Candidate:
At least 2 years Business to Business (B2B) experience. Retail store roles need not apply
Educated to at least A level standard
Have excellent written and spoken communication skills
Possess business acumen, be highly motivated, ambitious and results driven
Provide a high level of customer service
Good organisational techniques
Experience in Microsoft Office tools including Word, Excel and PowerPoint
English Speaking. No exceptions.
Compensation:
Base salary plus sales commission
Paid vacations
Flexibility to manage your own time
Good luck to all the candidates!PS: part-time and commission-based positions available as well.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер з продажу ремонтних послуг у будівельну корпорацію "Ріел", 30 000 грн
White Sales. Львів.
Менеджер з продажу мототехніки, мототоварів та послуг компанії, 10 000 – 30 000 грн
Sport Moto. Львів.
Менеджер з продажу фірмової торгівлі
Хлібпром, ПрАТ. Львів.
Менеджер з продажу в іноземну компанію, 12 000 грн
Європейський Науковий Центр. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Інтернет-маркетолог
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Digital Manager
Вакансії в категоріях
Продаж, закупівля
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата digital-менеджера у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/2599956
Гарячі вакансії
Online Marketing Specialist.
19 000 – 69 000 грн.*
TalentTeam. Львів.
Менеджер з продажу.
15 000 – 50 000 грн.*
Lux Wash. Львів.
Менеджер по продажам (телефонные переговоры).
30 000 грн.*
YourQuery S.R.O.. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Digital Manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor