Вакансія: Marketing Specialist, компанія LaMetric, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Marketing Specialist
LaMetric
Промисловість, виробництво;
10–50 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Федьковича, 60.
2,5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
We are LaMetric — young and innovative hardware product company based in Lviv, Ukraine. We produce clocks and lighting for smart home — design them in Ukraine, manufacture in China and sell all over the Globe. Our products decorate people home, set their mood and motivate them to reach new horizons.In 2013, we started our journey with our first connected clock — LaMetric TIME. It is a unique Kickstarter-backed product, like Apple Watch but for your home. At CES we unveiled LaMetric SKY, it’s smart lighting which is promising to be a blast!We are looking for a Marketing Specialist.Responsibilities and duties
Create promo & info email marketing campaigns from scratch together with a Graphical/UI designer
Manage our website (create content for landings, work on the new features with developers)
Collaborate with our partners on joint marketing activities (Bosch, Home Connect, Conrad Connect and others)
Cooperate with influencers from all over the world to set up product reviews
Prepare the team for exhibitions
Sometimes write the articles describing the new features of our products
Work closely with Product Manager (CEO), Designer and Software Team
Perform other relevant duties as assigned
Qualifications and skills
Upper-Intermediate/Advanced English is a must
You love marketing and have good copywriting skills — you are able to write a short marketing text for the website, product description, promo email or a blog article
Bachelor in Marketing/English or relevant experience would be a plus
You are good at multitasking and possess great management skills
You understand the value of visuals and can provide clear direction when working with our designer to create graphics that complement your writing
You don’t mind redoing the task if you don’t like the result
You are creative, able to learn quickly and a team player
If you have a very good English level but lack some of the skills, we encourage you to apply anyway. You’ll get a test task to show what you’re capable of. Proposal
Work in a global consumer electronics company together with experienced professionals in Lviv, Ukraine
A demanding and satisfying startup & product company environment that facilitates rapid personal growth
18 days paid vacation and sick-leave, regular corporate events.
Why LaMetric?Every member of our team is deeply involved with the products. The core thing we all share is a passion for stylish and useful gadgets. With us, you will get a unique experience and reach your professional excellence in no time.With LaMetric you will become a part of the most successful and world-famous Ukrainian startup. No doubt you will enjoy it.More About UsWebsite: https://lametric.comKickstarter page: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/smartatoms/lametric-customizable-smart-ticker-for-life-and-buVideo reviews:
By MKBH https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3ZDtArXS6I
By Unbox Therapy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOpSWsj1oPo
Publications:
CNET https://www.cnet.com/news/lametric-dazzles-with-multi-color-led-wall-panels-at-ces-2019/
Android Police https://www.androidpolice.com/2019/01/08/nanoleaf-challenger-lametric-sky-is-colorful-compact-and-can-display-live-data/
AIN.ua https://ain.ua/2019/01/11/lametric-predstavil-led-paneli-sky/
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Інтернет маркетолог (SEO, SMM, PPC), 7 500 – 25 000 грн
SolidBrain. Львів.
Маркетолог, 15 000 грн
Мандзиняк Д.Й., ФОП. Львів.
Digital-маркетолог
Jador. Львів.
Маркетолог, 5 000 – 15 000 грн
Галпрогрес. Львів.
Маркетолог, Marketing-, бренд-менеджер (FMCG)
Бойчак, ТД. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
CRM-менеджер
Інтернет-маркетолог
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста з маркетингу у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3843623
Гарячі вакансії
Online Marketing Specialist.
19 000 – 69 000 грн.*
TalentTeam. Львів.
PPC Team Lead.
25 000 грн.*
Смарт Системс Девелопмент. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Marketing specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor