Вакансія: 2D Artist (Marketing Art), компанія Gameloft, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Художник
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
2D Artist (Marketing Art)
Gameloft
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків, проспект Незалежності, 10.
1,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Under the guidance of the Marketing Asset Producer and under the artistic direction of the Lead 2D/3D artist, the 2D artist will create marketing images (banners, icons, and screenshots) for online shops and social networks on behalf of product managers, community managers and UA Managers. Responsibilities and main tasks:— Create UA and cross-promo banners and highlight them in a specific graphic context for each game. — Create and enhance assigned 2D or 3D graphic elements. — Reinforce the atmosphere and visual impact of the packaging. — Polishing 3D resources already modeled (characters, objects, backgrounds, etc.). — Edit 2D and 3D images and manipulate image composition. — Create conceptual sketches and illustrations of characters or environments- Process already created elements and produce numerous formats according to different specifications (resizing, new layout, localization)Skills and Qualifications: — Perfect mastery of Photoshop. — Solid artistic foundation (understanding of color, composition and lighting) — Mastery of anatomy, perspective, architecture and industrial design. — Photocomposition — Good visual culture in different fields (architecture, design, cinema, comics, games…). — Versatile in terms of graphic universe and discipline (storyboarding / «paint-over» / illustrations / concept / industrial design) — Attention to detail and speed of execution. — Creativity- Open-mindedness and curiosityExpected results: — The incumbent must be attentive to detail and respect deadlines. — The incumbent must be creative in the proposed executions. — The incumbent must be able to solve visual problems creatively and effectively. Additional Information— Join a leading global mobile and video games publisher and developer utilizing the state-of-art mobile technologies and devices;— Become a part of the talented international team in a friendly, creative and dynamic environment;— Become a true pro in the fast-growing, exciting and innovative video games industry;— Be proud to deliver the prestigious products winning the top rankings worldwide;— Enjoy the exiting life of Gameloft with corporate trips, sponsored team building and other joyful events;— Build up your career with dynamic promotions and worldwide opportunities.Important: Your portfolio will convey technical mastery and a natural eye for artistic creativity and design.In order for us to consider your application, please send us the link to your online portfolio.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
2D game artist
Netgame. Харків.
2D artist
FgFactory. Харків.
Иллюстратор, 2D-дизайнер, 12 000 – 20 000 грн
HoundStudio. Харків.
UI Artist
Netgame. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Художник
Artist
Ілюстратор
Illustrator
Візуалізатор
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Дизайн, творчість
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата художника у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3859384
Тренінги по темі «Artist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor