Вакансія: Product, marketing manager, 20 000 – 30 000 грн, компанія Lazarev.Agency, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Marketing manager
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 24 березня 2020
Product, marketing manager
20 000 – 30 000 грн · В зависимости от собеседования
Lazarev.Agency
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Казимира Малевича, 48.
3 км від центру ·
На мапі
Anfisa ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Hey there,Is the marketing area part of your life?Do you love and know how to analyze and improve the processes in a company?We are looking for you!We are Lazarev Agency and we design websites and interfaces mostly for companies within the United States and Europe. In Ukraine, we work with Ukravtodor, kmbs, Lviv city council and many others. We are looking for a marketing manager whom will help our company to grow up and achieve our goals.You are our candidate if you:
Have worked in a MARKETING / SMM/ BRAND/ IT agency and now want to focus on one application and the market. Or if you already are a digital marketer who is ready to look for new opportunities;
Have experience lunching new products or know how to do that;
Have strong analytical and communication skills;
You know how to build online-funnels and SMM processes;
Your English level is at least Intermediate;
You are a focused and self-organization person: we used to working with people for whom difficulties aren’t a problem, but a way to pump themselves and become better;
What you will need to do:We are lunching new product to the market, so here are some of your future responsibilities:
Create the strategy for lunching our new product and help to manage the life-cycle of it;
Develop Brand-marketing strategies;
Researching and analyzing creative strategies and tactics for our products;
Formation of hypotheses to attract leads;
Create strategies that would enlarge the target audiences;
Establish and follow requirements of the processes;
Analyze the market, make researches and create strategies for our company according to the goals;
Сoordination of the internal team and the contractors.
What can we offer you:
Cozy office in the center of Kyiv (Palace of Ukraine station);
Competitive salary;
Free tea/coffee;
Personal growth system surrounded by young and purposeful colleagues;
No bureaucracy;
A team of passionate people, who genuinely care about what they do and the standard of work they produce.
Did your heart just skip a beat? Would you like to join us? Send your resume (CV) and shot paragraph about yourself!See you at the interview.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
IT-маркетолог, Marketing Product Manager, специалист по продвижению
NetSolutions. Київ.
Product development, marketing manager (fintech), 40 000 – 50 000 грн
Moneyveo. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Інтернет-маркетолог
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing manager
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата marketing manager у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3856944
Гарячі вакансії
Бренд-менеджер.
25 000 – 40 000 грн.
Ельфа Лабораторія, ТОВ. Київ.
Маркетолог.
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Market Research Analyst.
Київстар. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Marketing manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor