Вакансія: Head of Marketing (Spain), компанія Tamga, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Руководитель отдела маркетинга
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Head of Marketing (Spain)
Tamga
Фінанси, банки, страхування;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Шота Руставелі, 16.
1,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Людмила Щур ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Tamga is an international FinTech Holding that uses best practices in BigData and Fraud Prevention. Holding, which combines 6 projects with geography around the world and successful experience in launching projects from scratch.TamgaTeam works in the offices of Kiev, Warsaw, Madrid, Sofia. Every year we discover new countries and challenge ourselves.We are now in search of a candidate for the position Head of Marketing (Spain) Requirements:
A proven track record of managing integrated marketing and communications campaigns.
Responsibilities:
Lead and develop the Marketing team, attracting and keeping the best talent to help the company grow;
Develop strong and distinctive branding that supports increased customer awareness, consideration and preference for Company’s product;
Grow digital marketing activities and build a communication plan for the Company;
Develop a deep understanding of the uniquely diverse customer base, and promote the sharing of customer insight across the business;
Manage a significant budget, giving clear visibility of Marketing performance and increasing ROI with a rigorous focus on the impact of marketing campaigns;
Manage online acquisition, CRM, PR, social and offline channels efficiently, to reach and influence uniquely diverse cross-border audiences;
Contribute to the overall development of the business as a member of the management team.
Company offers:
Individual remuneration package;
Mutually beneficial long-term cooperation;
Friendly work atmosphere;
Interesting and challenging projects;
Comfortable office in the center of Kiev (m. Palats Sportu).
The successful Head of Marketing will have a proven track record of managing integrated marketing and communications campaigns. The position reports directly to CEO. The Head of Marketing will ideally have experience or knowledge of the FinTech sector and have an interest for financial services and technology.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Search Engine Marketing Director
Mobilunity. Київ.
Начальник відділу маркетингу
Київ.
Руководитель digital marketing
Ельфа Лабораторія, ТОВ. Київ.
Head of marketing
Squro. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Директор з маркетингу
Начальник відділу
Керівник відділу
Заступник начальника відділу
Head of marketing
Вакансії в категоріях
Адмiнiстрацiя, керівництво середньої ланки
Топ-менеджмент, керівництво вищої ланки
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата руководителя отдела маркетинга у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3846005
Гарячі вакансії
Head of Sales and Marketing.
30 000 – 37 000 грн.
Live Animations Corp.. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Head of marketing»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor