Вакансія: Marketing Project manager, 28 000 грн, компанія Bitmedia Labs, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 28 лютого 2020
Marketing Project manager
28 000 грн · По результатам собеседования, индексация в у. e.
Bitmedia Labs
Маркетинг, реклама, PR;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Велика Васильківська, 72.
2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Ангелина Щербина ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Innovative web development company, is actively looking for a passionate Marketing Project Manager, who will be responsible for managing omni-channel processes and workflows to ensure highly functioning marketing team. You will work in close partnership with your peers from other departments as you oversee and track the running programs/projects and resources.QualificationsWe’d love it if you:
Have a minimum of three years of professional experience in digital advertising project management or program management
Master’s Degree, ideally in Communications, Marketing, or Business
Have a successful track record managing multiple client assignments simultaneously;
Have excellent English oral and written English communication skills
Strong project management and problem-solving skills; proven attention to details with excellent organizational and time management capabilities
Ability to work well both collaboratively and cross-functionally as a team player and as a self-starter. Strong facilitator to help others complete the task at hand and work together
Support product development and launches to ensure that the feedback loop is consistent
Experience with project management tools used for program/task/time/resource management, such as JIRA & TargetProcess, Analytics tools such as Google Analytics, Yandex Metrica, Woopra & etc.
What else you can expect:
Competitive salary and bonuses
Free training and assistance during probation
Comfortable, light and cozy workspace in the city center
A fun, friendly and fast-paced working environment
Growth potential & ability to implement innovative practices
Official employment
Motivation that won’t let you down to decrease the intensity of achieving your goal
ResponsibilitiesMarketing Operations & Planning
Serve as the core contact for all projects within your assigned channel to ensure projects are resourced, tracked and documented
Manage current projects across the company, closely tracking cross-team dependencies to meet defined time, budget targets and quality standards
Maintain project management workflows and further develop protocols and processes to improve output quality and monitor progress against key milestones
Reporting, Maintenance and Management
Oversee with Project Management team members status report for up-to-date information, accuracy and cross-checking with other critical departmental reports
Establish metrics, templates and governance for the Marketing team
Report monthly on project prioritization, status and update on new projections
Develop and manage project calendar and actively forecast months in advance for asset creation, resources and budget (constraints and overages)
Manage all marketing system auditing, marketing data cleansing and maintain marketing data consistency
Schedule, prepare for and lead key meetings and reviews, document discussions and progress
Identify and communicate conflicts and offer resolutions to the issues to keep the workflow moving
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Marketing Project, Digital Manager
Нова Пошта, ТОВ. Київ.
Project Manager, маркетолог (IT), менеджер по развитию, 25 000 – 50 000 грн
NetSolutions. Київ.
Marketing project manager
Yaro. Київ.
Ассистент по маркетингу, проджект-менеджер
Pignus & Partner OÜ. Київ.
Project-менеджер (SEO, интернет-маркетинг), 15 000 грн
Luxeo Internet Marketing. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3361884
Гарячі вакансії
Маркетолог.
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Бренд-менеджер.
25 000 – 40 000 грн.
Ельфа Лабораторія, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер проектов в благотворительный фонд.
63 000 грн.*
Правэкс, ООО. Київ.
Market Research Analyst.
Київстар. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor