Вакансія: Marketing manager, 20 000 грн, компанія Lazarev.Agency, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Marketing manager
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Marketing manager
20 000 грн
Lazarev.Agency
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Hey there,Is the marketing area part of your life?Do you love and know how to analyze and improve the processes in a company?We are looking for you!We are «Lazarev Agency» and we design websites and interfaces mostly for companies within the United States and Europe. In Ukraine, we work with «Ukravtodor», «kmbs», Lviv city council and many others. We are looking for a marketing manager who will help our company to grow up and achieve our goals.You are our candidate if you:
Have worked in a MARKETING / SMM/ BRAND/ IT agency and now want to focus on one application and the market. Or if you already are a digital marketer who is ready to look for new opportunities.
Have strong analytical and communication skills
You know how to build online-funnels and SMM processes;
Your English level is at least Upper-Intermediate;
You are a focused and self-organization person: we used to work with people for whom difficulties aren’t a problem, but a way to pump themselves and become better;
Description of responsibilities:
Monitoring the company’s brand on social media:
Develop Brand-marketing strategies:
Define business analysis processes and continuously improve them:
What can we offer you:
Cozy office in the center of Kiev (Palace of Ukraine station);
Competitive salary;
Free tea/coffee;
Personal growth system surrounded by young and purposeful colleagues;
No bureaucracy;
A team of passionate people, who genuinely care about what they do and the standard of work they produce.
Did your heart just skip a beat? Would you like to join us?Send your resume (CV) and shot paragraph about yourself!See you at the interview
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Младший маркетолог
Импорт-Офис Украина, ООО. Київ.
Search Engine Marketing Director
Mobilunity. Київ.
Internet marketing specialist, junior media buyer, 16 900 – 18 000 грн
Івед, ТОВ. Київ.
Маркетолог
La Famiglia, рестораны. Київ.
Internet marketing specialist, junior media buyer, 16 900 – 18 000 грн
Івед, ТОВ. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Інтернет-маркетолог
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing manager
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата marketing manager у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3849090
Гарячі вакансії
Head of Sales and Marketing.
30 000 – 37 000 грн.
Live Animations Corp.. Київ.
Сценарист игр.
Voki Games. Київ.
Бренд-менеджер.
25 000 – 40 000 грн.
Ельфа Лабораторія, ТОВ. Київ.
SMM-менеджер.
Столичная Ювелирная Фабрика. Київ.
Менеджер з зовнішньої реклами.
18 000 грн.
Червоний Маркет. Київ.
Категорийный менеджер (косметика).
Импеpия-холдинг, ООО. Київ.
Маркетолог.
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Digital Manager.
Спорт-Платформа, ТОВ. Київ.
Market Research Analyst.
Київстар. Київ.
Менеджер проектов в благотворительный фонд.
63 000 грн.*
Правэкс, ООО. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Marketing manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor