Вакансія: Junior Marketing Manager в Киев, компанія Coreteka, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Миколаєві
Marketing manager
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Junior Marketing Manager в Киев
Обсуждается
Coreteka
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, шукаємо у Миколаєві, вулиця Антоновича, 172.
4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Here in CoreTeka we help implement IT-innovations into business: starting from business processes analysis up to the completed products. For more than 4 years we develop expertise in retail, logistics and agriculture industries.CoreTeka has successfully established high reputation at the European, US and local IT-markets, along with handling unique projects in Ukraine. We hold thematic events on the regular basis for the purpose of developing the Ukrainian IT community. Besides that, CoreTeka is a permanent participant of such great projects as: Ukrainian Logistics Community and Kyiv IT Cluster, iForum, Kyiv Outsourcing Forum, SE Conference.We’d like to find out in you:
Experience in marketing or copywriting (min 6 months), preferably in IT;
Proficiency in Internet surfing, the ability to find information fast;
Basic understanding of SMM (Facebook, Linkedin);
Advanced PC, MS Office, Google Drive user skills.
As well as:
Good team play skills;
Ability to learn quickly to work with marketing instruments (site building, e-mail services);
High level of English: both written and spoken;
Strong self-organizational and time management skills.
Desirable (yet not a 'must'):
Secondary foreign language (German) proficiency;
Basic understanding of SEO.
You will assume:
Preparation of presentation materials;
Writing and translating blog posts, articles, and releases;
Building and maintain a content plan for social networks: LinkedIn, Facebook;
Assistance in events organization;
Communication with CoreTeka partners in terms of events/conferences/other marketing activities.
We provide our team with the ability to:
Interact with corporate partners;
Get related to various projects, carrying out experiments, explore new solutions;
Work with enthusiastic and proficient colleagues;
Play hard, once you’ve worked hard!
And of course:
Office in the midtown, comfortable workplace;
Vacation and sick leaves;
Financial reward according to your proficiency level.
Feel free to share your CV with us: [відгукнутися]
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Маркетолог, 11 000 грн
Югелеватор, ТД, ТОВ. Миколаїв.
Специалист по маркетингу
AutoPodium, сеть автосалонов. Миколаїв.
Маркетолог, 25 000 грн
Органік Сістемс, фермерське господарство. Миколаїв.
Менеджер по рекламе, контент-маркетолог
Автомир Николаев, ТД, ООО. Миколаїв.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Миколаєві
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Інтернет-маркетолог
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing manager
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Миколаєві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата marketing manager у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3301012
Тренінги по темі «Marketing manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor