Вакансія: Content Marketing Specialist, 12 500 – 25 000 грн, компанія Rioks, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Контент-спеціаліст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 1 березня 2020
Content Marketing Specialist
12 500 – 25 000 грн
Rioks
Група компаній;
10–50 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Сербська.
0,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Rioks is looking for their new amazing team member. We’re a marketing consultancy working with clients all around the world in a variety of different industries. If you’re high energy, motivated individual who believes in crafting his/her own career path, then we might just be the thing you’re looking for.Rioks believes in hiring the best people and enhancing their skills by providing them with the most efficient tools for their job.We offer you the opportunity to have flexible, individual working hours while working from anywhere you would like. As a Content Marketing Specialist, we are looking for the following:Your Responsibilities:
Coordinating with internal marketing experts on the subject matter in order to distribute content marketing materials such as articles, press releases, white papers, infographics, blog posts, product descriptions, videos and etc.
Work closely with Marketing Strategists and SEO Specialists on the creation of content marketing campaigns.
You will be in charge of content outreach and media relations.
Lead content distribution campaigns including researching new marketing channels and influencer relations.
Track performance of content across multiple channels, communicate and report key information to management.
Use industry-trending tools to optimize the work process and achieve the most of performance from the content distribution and management process.
Analyze and improve campaigns based on the results of past marketing and content distribution campaigns.
Qualities We’re Looking For:
Fluent in English. No exceptions.
Previous experience in a similar position.
Strong self-management skills and ability to work remotely
Ability to multitask.
Ability to think analytically, out-of-the-box and to be a detail-oriented problem-solver.
Experience and a passion in the content creation and distribution.
If you believe you are a good fit for the position and can amaze — reach out!If you don’t meet the criteria above, but believe you can learn fast, we are keen to discuss the internship opportunities and individually develop scope of the responsibilities for specific employees.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Контент-менеджер, маркетолог, 10 000 грн
Чарівна кулька. Львів.
Інтернет маркетолог (SEO, SMM, PPC), 7 500 – 25 000 грн
SolidBrain. Львів.
Контент-менеджер
Ябко. Львів.
Контент-менеджер, 8 000 – 10 000 грн
Муравська А.Г., ФОП. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Контент-менеджер
Content manager
SMM-менеджер
Таргетолог
Блогер
SMM-спеціаліст
Content specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата контент-спеціаліста у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3736564
Гарячі вакансії
Online Marketing Specialist.
19 000 – 69 000 грн.*
TalentTeam. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Content specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor