Вакансія: Digital marketing specialist, компанія Philips Ukraine, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 2 березня 2020
Digital marketing specialist
Philips Ukraine
Промисловість, виробництво;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Job Description As Digital Marketing Specialist you will work in close collaboration with Digital and Marketing teams to deliver world-class digital communications and campaigns. You will be the owner of bi-lingual www.philips.ua web platform. The role is to ensure a consistency in content distribution across digital channels. As Digital Marketing Specialist you will be responsible for:
Campaigns content creation (including banners and landing pages)
Landing pages creation in AEM (Adobe Experience Manager) CMS
Optimization of the campaigns landing pages in AEM, A/B tests
Localization/migration of the global.com pages to AEM
Website portfolio management
Website SEO
Website UX/UI improvement
Website analytics
Communication between Marketing Managers and internal agency
We are looking for a specialist with the following profile: Required: A Bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Digital, IT or related field of study
Minimum 2 years of digital systems administration or related experience
Solid knowledge of internet technologies including those involving content management, web analytics, search engine marketing, web site usability etc.
Analytical skills with ability to demonstrate data interpretation, drawing conclusions and summarizing actionable recommendations
Ability to work cross-functionally and globally
Project management skills
Fluency in English, Ukrainian, Russian
Desirable:
Knowledge of Adobe CQ5.6
Knowledge of Adobe Photoshop
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Digital маркетинг-менеджер
Фоззи, гипермаркет. Київ.
Digital-маркетолог в образовательную компанию, 15 000 – 30 000 грн
Level Consulting Group. Київ.
Digital Marketing Specialist
Geberit Trading LLC. Київ.
Digital Marketing Manager
JatApp. Київ.
Marketing Project, Digital Manager
Нова Пошта, ТОВ. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
CRM-менеджер
Інтернет-маркетолог
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста з маркетингу у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3833847
Гарячі вакансії
Бренд-менеджер.
25 000 – 40 000 грн.
Ельфа Лабораторія, ТОВ. Київ.
Маркетолог.
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Market Research Analyst.
Київстар. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Marketing specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor