Вакансія: Junior Marketing Specialist (Outreach), компанія Mobilunity, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Junior Marketing Specialist (Outreach)
Mobilunity
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Дмитрівська, 92-94.
2,6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Mobilunity is a provider of dedicated development teams aiming to bring European corporate culture to the Ukrainian IT-labor market. Throughout all the years of our existence and until now, we’ve been working hand in hand with European companies as our primary partners.By our own example, we are proving that the dedicated team model works the best in all directions including employee’s interests as people have always been our main asset. Joining Mobilunity you won’t ever feel alone.Our team keeps on growing and now we need one more amazing person to join us as a full-time Junior Marketing Specialist (Outreach).Main requirements:
Higher education;
Upper-Intermediate level of English;
Attentiveness and perseverance.
Good to have:
Commercial experience in SEO and outreach.
Main Responsibilities (we will teach you how to):
Planning and execution of outreach plans;
Analysis of ranking keywords;
Content planning;
Testing marketing emails / outreach methods;
Communication with webmasters;
Reporting on the progress.
In return we offer:
The friendliest community of like-minded IT-people
Open knowledge-sharing environment — exclusive access to a rich pool of colleagues willing to share their endless insights into the broadest variety of modern technologies
Paid vacations and sick leaves, including 5 paid days per year that don’t require a sick note
Fair salary and 100% taxes coverage — don’t worry about possible taxes raise — we will get you covered ;)
Perfect office location: city-center, 900m from Lukyanivska metro station, a green and spacious neighborhood with lots of cafes and supermarkets nearby
No open-spaces setup — separate rooms for every team’s comfort and multiple lounge and gaming zones on all of the 3 floors;
English classes in 1-to-1 group modes with elements of gamification
Neverending fun: sports events, tournaments, music band, multiple affinity groups
Come on board, and let’s grow together! :)
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Internet marketing specialist, junior media buyer, 16 900 – 18 000 грн
Івед, ТОВ. Київ.
Internet marketing specialist, junior media buyer, 16 900 – 18 000 грн
Івед, ТОВ. Київ.
Marketing Manager, Junior media buyer (English), 16 900 – 18 000 грн
Івед, ТОВ. Київ.
Junior E-mail-маркетолог
SvitSoft. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
CRM-менеджер
Інтернет-маркетолог
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста з маркетингу у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3840383
Гарячі вакансії
Бренд-менеджер.
25 000 – 40 000 грн.
Ельфа Лабораторія, ТОВ. Київ.
Маркетолог.
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Market Research Analyst.
Київстар. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Marketing specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor