Вакансія: Интернет-маркетолог, 30 000 – 35 000 грн, компанія EPC Network, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Інтернет-маркетолог
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Интернет-маркетолог
30 000 – 35 000 грн
EPC Network
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, Yevhena Konovaltsia Street, 44А.
3,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Best Data Analysts!We are successful American company with the head office in California. Also have office in Poland and now expanded our horizons and opened a cool office in Kiev.We need for our Digital Marketing Department super accurate and professional Data Analyst (Marketing Assistant). If you consider yourself Data Guru and love working with big amounts of information, we will do our best to make you enjoy working with us!:)
What we require from you:
Proven working experience as data analyst or promotion manager (starting from 2 years)
Proficiency in MS Excel and Google Sheets and other relevant tools
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organise, analyse, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Excellent English (starting from Upper Intermediate)
Experience in digital marketing will be a huge plus
What you will do:
Plan and execute advertising policies and strategies
Establish promotional sales goals/objectives, and measure results on a regular basis
Data analysis and data entry in different data bases
Working with various reports in Excel and digital documents
Managing promo calendar
Work with management to prioritise business and information needs
WHAT IT MEANS TO BE PART OF OUR TEAM:
Challenging tasks for you to battle and sharpen your skills
High competitive salary & potential financial growth for achieving key metrics
Long-term career opportunities with dynamically developing company
Cool modern office in the center (Pechersk) with a magnificent view from 26−27 floors
20 paid vacation days & 7 paid sick leaves
We say «Yes» to chilling (parties, team-building, events)
Coffee, tea, Red Bull, sweets, fruits and more snacks
If you know that you are Marketing Champion, join our team. With us you will get challenging job and tasks, career opportunities in successful American company, ability to earn and environment for efficient work! Don’t hesitate to contact us ASAP!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Internet marketing specialist, junior media buyer, 16 900 – 18 000 грн
Івед, ТОВ. Київ.
PPC-специалист
Areal. Київ.
Internet marketing specialist, junior media buyer, 16 900 – 18 000 грн
Івед, ТОВ. Київ.
Интернет-маркетолог
МД Альянс Групп. Київ.
Linkbuilder (Outreach)
DexDigital. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Інтернет-маркетолог
PPC-спеціаліст
Адміністратор сайта
Адміністратор інтернет-магазину
Интернет-маркетолог
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата інтернет-маркетолога у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3850782
Гарячі вакансії
Software Engineer (Networking).
Codeminders. Київ.
Customer Support Manager (португальский язык).
EvoPlay. Київ.
Менеджер по IT-продажам (Лукьяновка).
Darwin Global. Київ.
Senior Front-End Web Developer (React.JS).
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Фахівець з внутрішніх комунікацій.
Фора, ТОВ. Київ.
Digital Manager.
Спорт-Платформа, ТОВ. Київ.
Developer (ASP.NET MVC, SQL, C#).
BEEPER. Київ.
Senior QA engineer (manual).
Micro Focus. Київ.
Бренд-менеджер.
25 000 – 40 000 грн.
Ельфа Лабораторія, ТОВ. Київ.
Маркетолог.
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Интернет-маркетолог»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor