Вакансія: Digital Marketing Manager, компанія JatApp, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Digital-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Digital Marketing Manager
JatApp
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
JatApp team is looking for a skilled Digital Marketing Specialist with a strong grasp of current marketing tools and trends. We are looking for a candidate who is able to combine creativity and analytical mindset to create captivating marketing campaigns, raise brand awareness and turn our goals into conversions and new loyal clients. The Marketing Specialist will report directly to our COO. You will have the opportunity to use and improve your skills in generating demand for B2B services and boosting the company’s growth. Responsibilities:
Create and execute digital marketing strategy to generate sales leads;
Increase brand awareness by effectively managing online brand campaigns
Develop landing pages and other promo materials to support all marketing campaigns and initiatives;
Build and manage the company’s social media profiles and presence (Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram);
Create content strategy and coordinate content writers' work;
Optimize and continuously improve the website according to the latest SEO standards
Plan and execute paid ad campaigns (Google Adwords, Facebook);
Gather and analyze website statistics using various analytical tools
Plan and perform other marketing activities on demand
Requirements:
2+ years of experience within a marketing team working for a lead generation oriented to B2B company;
Excellent knowledge of website analytics tools like Google Webmaster Tools and Google Analytics;
Experience working with Google Ads, Facebook Ads, Google Analytics, SEMrush, and other marketing tools;
Experience in outsourcing company will be a big plus;
Excellent organizational, analytical,and communication skills
Advanced level of written and spoken English is a must
We offer:
Medical insurance
100% compensation of gym
Corporate English courses, paid professional development courses
Comfortable office with PlayStation, fruits, free daily lunches, etc.
Regular skills improvement
Friendly team, opportunities to share your knowledge and experience
Flexible schedule (starting at 9 or 11 am, 8-hour workday)
Challenging tasks
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Digital маркетинг-менеджер
Фоззи, гипермаркет. Київ.
Digital-маркетолог в образовательную компанию, 15 000 – 30 000 грн
Level Consulting Group. Київ.
Digital Marketing Specialist
Geberit Trading LLC. Київ.
Marketing Project, Digital Manager
Нова Пошта, ТОВ. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Інтернет-маркетолог
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Digital Manager
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата digital-менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3455915
Гарячі вакансії
Digital Manager.
Спорт-Платформа, ТОВ. Київ.
Market Research Analyst.
Київстар. Київ.
Бренд-менеджер.
25 000 – 40 000 грн.
Ельфа Лабораторія, ТОВ. Київ.
Маркетолог.
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Digital Manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor