Вакансія: Marketing Reporting Specialist, компанія Ecentria Solutions Odessa, робота в Одесі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
в Одесі
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 28 лютого 2020
Marketing Reporting Specialist
Ecentria Solutions Odessa
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Одеса, вулиця Середньофонтанська, 19А.
3 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Our marketing team runs lots of marketing campaigns through lots of channels like Google, Facebook, e-mail, push notifications, etc. We need to analyze the results, understand cause and effect. Markteing Reporting Specialist will provide our teams with reports, insights and will help us to make our business even more efficient.So, the objective for this role is running reports for various marketing teams across a wide array of platforms (email marketing, ppc, social, SEO, etc.)Opportunities:
Work with different digital marketing teams from US
Learn about different eCommerce marketing strategies and their effectiveness
Learn and over time contribute by identifying trends, patterns, and opportunities
Develop expertise in a niche area of digital marketing and possibly take on a full time role assisting a specific team (i.e. SEO analyst role)
Basic requirements:
Attention to details. This role imply extreme attentiveness and details oriented mind.
Perfectionism. We assume that you are not tolerate to any kind of misprints and negligence
Self discipline. There are lots of duties with different timelines, you should be able to avoid rush and delays.
Responsibility. Lots of our teammates depend on high quality data and reports. Our business will not be able to make proper decisions in case of lateness or inaccuracy.
Rationality. Strong desire to automate daily routines, intolerance to inefficient actions
Self learning. We expect that our new teammate will boost our marketing productivity in a very short terms. Also it’s a perfect way grow your career in e-commerce industry.
Professional requirements:
Work experience — at least 1 year, office experience preferred
Intermediate to expert level excel, professional certificates are welcome.
Understanding of digital marketing principles and performance metrics (CVR, Revenue, Margin, CTR, etc.)
Experience with Google Analytics. Other analytics systems knowledge is a plus
Familiarity with common eCommerce marketing channels & ability to learn quickly
Ability to analyze and understand business problems
English level: upper intermediate both spoken and in writing
Familiarity with Google Analytics or other eCommerce reporting platforms is a huge plus
Experience with Jira or any other task management system is a plus.
Experience SQL & Big Query is a plus
Main duties:
Data gathering in excel from different platforms
Data manipulation & graphical representation
Data analysis and identification of trends & opportunities
Constant self-learning and improvements of reports and data tools.
Collaboration with different marketing teams over different communication channels
We offer:
Excellent working conditions
Powerful hardware, best software/tools
Great agile teams of talented developers
Large international projects
Flexible working schedule
Competitive salary, yearly reviewed, possibilities of growth
CONTACTSSkype — barrracuda@Softesisviber
Показати телефонwww.facebook.com/maria.belonozhko
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Digital Marketing Manager
Wildix. Одеса.
Product manager, маркетолог, 23 000 грн
Одеса.
Маркетолог, 25 000 – 30 000 грн
Key People, HR Agency. Одеса.
Менеджер по маркетингу
Витмарк-Украина, СП, ООО. Одеса.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади в Одесі
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
CRM-менеджер
Інтернет-маркетолог
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота в Одесі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста з маркетингу в Одесі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3841019
Тренінги по темі «Marketing specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor