Вакансія: Marketing Influencer Specialist, компанія БДО Центрес, ТОВ, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 21 березня 2020
Marketing Influencer Specialist
To be discussed privately
БДО Центрес, ТОВ
Консалтинг, аудит, бухгалтерія;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Антоновича, 33.
1,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Our company name is BDO Centers LLC and we are part of the BDO Group headquartered in Brussels, Belgium:
80,000 people employed
$9 billion revenue generates
160 countries present
For our new office in Kyiv we are looking for amazing young talents, that want to be part of an internationally well know organization with an excellent reputation and a legacy of 100 years in the business. At present we have a new opening of a Marketing Influencer Specilist.Influencer Marketing Specialist is a marketing professional whose focus is placed on influential people who can impact potential buyers of the service portfolio of BDO Centers LLC. Influencer Marketing Specialist execute influencer marketing projects across a diverse range of channels. We are seeking a digitally savvy, experienced marketing mind to develop and execute our influencer marketing strategies and creative campaigns. Key Responsibilities:
Alongside your colleagues at BDO Centers LLC, this fun, fast-paced role will give you the opportunity working for the CEO to develop and execute our influencer marketing strategies and creative campaigns.
Identify and build relationships with prominent influencers and thought leaders
Attend relevant events for networking and business purposes
Develop content ideas and write and curate content
Research relevant industry experts, competitors, target audience and users
Brainstorm new, creative approaches to influencer campaigns
Keep abreast of emerging trends, technologies and influencers
Liaising with the marketing team to create and coordinate marketing strategies that work across different channels
Essential skills:
Dynamic, resourceful, thoughtful, and solution-oriented
Bachelor’s degree e.g. in Marketing
Proven track record in outreach campaign strategies
In depth knowledge of social media marketing industry
Impeccable verbal and written communication skills
Well organized with great time management skills
Outstanding project management skills
Excellent interpersonal and relationship building skills
Networking aptitude
We offer: • Competitive salary level• Health Insurance• Warm and friendly atmosphere• Office in the city centre• Coffee/tea/sweets and fun and events.If you are a team player who displays a positive, professional attitude at all times who knows the influencer world, then you are the person we are looking for.Your CV should contain photo.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Младший маркетолог
Импорт-Офис Украина, ООО. Київ.
Internet marketing specialist, junior media buyer, 16 900 – 18 000 грн
Івед, ТОВ. Київ.
Маркетолог
La Famiglia, рестораны. Київ.
Internet marketing specialist, junior media buyer, 16 900 – 18 000 грн
Івед, ТОВ. Київ.
Email-маркетолог, 20 000 грн
Osiris Unlimited. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
CRM-менеджер
Інтернет-маркетолог
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста з маркетингу у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3848786
Гарячі вакансії
Маркетолог.
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Бренд-менеджер.
25 000 – 40 000 грн.
Ельфа Лабораторія, ТОВ. Київ.
Market Research Analyst.
Київстар. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Marketing specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor