Вакансія: Sales and Marketing Operations Manager (Salesforce) for Checkster, 50 000 – 60 000 грн, компанія Daxx, робота у Дніпрі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Дніпрі
Менеджер з продажу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 24 березня 2020
Sales and Marketing Operations Manager (Salesforce) for Checkster
50 000 – 60 000 грн
Daxx
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Дніпро, вулиця Святослава Хороброго, 12.
0,6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Daxx is looking for a Sales and Marketing Operations Manager to join our strong development team in Dnipro.Project Description:Checkster is a leader in web-based talent decision tools that empowers companies and employers to make better hiring decisions and improve engagement and retention.Using the new science of collective intelligence and ubiquity of social networks it delivers fast, accurate social ratings and gives organizations certainty in new hire decisions and employee promotions.Now Checkster is seeking a Sales and Marketing Ops Manager who will be the administrator of our marketing automation and CRM systems and will manage the relationship between marketing and sales to ensure both sides are optimized to deliver and work the highest quality lead.Responsibilities:
Technology: You will evaluate, implement and manage these technologies systems, creating scalable processes that ensure best practices in lead generation and database management
Data: You will build key reports and dashboards that will be used to inform strategic decisions by both the sales and marketing teams. You will conduct ongoing data analyses to determine the effectiveness of a product or campaign.
Alignment: You will play a key role in building out and managing our sales and marketing processes including but not limited to: lead scoring, lead routing, sales prospecting, pricing management, proposal and contracting processes, and more
Requirements:
Must have significant experience in Salesforce and Hubspot configuration and integration. You will also be responsible for the evaluation and implementation of new technologies as needed
Understanding of how to establish and maintain scalable processes that ensure best practices on what should be tracked, and the best ways of tracking it
Have an ability to create and maintain metrics reports and conduct quantitative analyses (including mastery of Excel) on marketing and sales activities, effectiveness, and business impact
Responsible for monitoring and maintaining data quality within the marketing database
Experience analyzing marketing and sales data to develop insights and make recommendations on areas for optimization
Ability to manage multiple projects, and stakeholders with competing priorities, at the same time in a fast-paced environment
Technically capable, excellent communicator, with a passion for what they do and a strong desire to improve processes
Excellent verbal and written English skills
Will be a plus:
Knowledge of: SalesLoft, ZoomInfo, Chilipiper, Pandadocs, and Drift
Daxx offers:
Direct cooperation with the customer
Dedicated HR / Client Manager
Regular performance reviews
Competitive salary, medical insurance, 20 working vacation days
Regular corporate events, team buildings, etc.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Маркетолог в Новомосковск
СоюзЭнерго, концерн. Дніпро.
Менеджер з продажу, 16 000 грн
100 Шин. Дніпро.
Региональный менеджер по продажам, 10 000 – 18 000 грн
Impel Griffin Group. Дніпро.
Менеджер по продажам, 12 000 – 25 000 грн
Понаморенко Д.А., ФЛП. Дніпро.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Дніпрі
Менеджер з продажу
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Вакансії в категоріях
Продаж, закупівля
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Дніпрі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з продажу у Дніпрі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3859849
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам автомобилей.
16 000 грн.*
PLC Group. Дніпро.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
28 000 грн.*
New Stream Marketing. Дніпро.
Менеджер по продажам (B2B).
15 000 – 50 000 грн.*
Оланді, ТОВ. Дніпро.
Менеджер по продажам.
10 000 – 30 000 грн.*
Кросту, ООО. Дніпро.
Менеджер по продажам.
Topstar. Дніпро.
Тренінги по темі «Sales manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor