Вакансія: Customer Support Engineer, 15 000 грн, компанія Едютон Україна, робота у Рівному — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Рівному
Інженер служби підтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 12 березня 2020
Customer Support Engineer
15 000 грн
Едютон Україна
IT
Рівне
Повна зайнятість, неповна зайнятість, дистанційна робота, готові взяти студента, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
EduTone Ukraine is a subsidiary of Global Grid for Learning (GG4L™), a mission-driven, membership-based collaborative with headquarters in San Francisco (USA), and international presence in Ukraine, Ireland, and Australia. EduTone Ukraine’s office is located in Rivne.GG4L (https://gg4l.com) specializes in development of software applications and services for educational institutions in the USA and around the world. GG4L's cloud-based, enterprise-centric services, dedicated to serving the needs of today’s educational institutions, include:GG4L Connect — a global infrastructure that facilitates data exchange between school and EdTech Applications.GG4L Compass — an award-winning Single Sign-On (SSO), Identity Management and Data Analytics PlatformGG4L Catalyst — digital learning solutions delivery platform through coordinated Impact Initiatives funded by individual and business philanthropyGG4L's global customer base includes a large presence in the English language speaking education markets where GG4L serves over 10,000 educational institutions. Employees are offered comfortable working conditions, high salary, paid leave, and sick leave days. Job-specific training is offered to all staff.We are looking for Customer Support Engineer to work on GG4L CONNECT project.Required expertise:
1+ experience in support for English speaking customers
fluent in English
readiness to work evening shifts
effective team player
experience with issue tracking tools
ability to create personalized service experience for users
experience with producing customer support analytics reports
fast learner
Bonus skills:
involvement in large scale data integration projects
experience in Education sector
exposure to REST API
If you are looking for comfortable working conditions, high salary, innovative projects and new technologies — please submit your resume to [відгукнутися]
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Інженер підтримки мережі
Воля. Рівне.
Оператор з технічної підтримки, 7 000 грн
Мережа Ланет. Рівне.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Рівному
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Support engineer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Рівному
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата інженера служби підтримки в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3524369
Тренінги по темі «Support engineer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor