Вакансія: Customer Support Representative (English), компанія Хекса, ТОВ, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст техпідтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Customer Support Representative (English)
Хекса, ТОВ
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Ярославська, 56а.
2,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Марина ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Land a dream job with Hexa!Hexa, an outsourcing company founded in 2015, specializes in full-cycle commercial web project development and management. Our team has been providing content management solutions, marketing and copywriting services to the clients from Europe, as well as the North and South Americas.Hexa is excited to announce that we are hiring a Customer Support Representative without prior experience.Please note that this job opening is for the candidates with advanced English only.Apply for this job if you are:
a student who wants to balance study with work and practice English skills with native speakers;
a graduate or a young specialist who seeks financial independence and stability;
a specialist who wants to work in a comfortable environment where the well-established tradition of team cooperation and friendship is melded with mutual respect.
Requirements:
advanced English (С1).
Duties:
provide timely and efficient support for customers via chats, phone calls and email;
work with orders: process inquiries, control the accuracy of order delivery or control that orders are executed according to the set standards, deadlines, and customers' needs, etc.
We like to work in an easygoing atmosphere, so forget about bureaucracy and formalism as we enjoy a straight talk. Also, expect a friendly team and management who will make sure that all your ideas and concerns are heard and answered.Working with Hexa also means:
healthy working environment and a friendly team;
formal employment in compliance with Ukrainian legislation;
on-time salary payment (twice a month);
flexible working hours to suit your individual lifestyle;
vibrant social calendar including lively parties, team-building activities, corporate events, championships, etc.
comfortable office located just 9 minutes away from the Kontraktova Ploshcha metro station, the corporate library and lounge zones;
no dress code, overtime and other factors that would otherwise make your job less attractive.
So hurry up! We can’t wait to study your resume!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Customer Support Manager (португальский, английский язык), 13 500 – 18 000 грн
Саппортлаб, ТзОВ. Київ.
Инженер технической поддержки со знанием английского, 15 000 грн
Украинская компьютерная лаборатория. Київ.
Инженер технической поддержки (English), 18 000 грн
Bas-IP. Київ.
Customer support specialist (English)
EvoPlay. Київ.
Customer Support Representative (English), 12 000 – 24 000 грн
Development New York. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста техпідтримки у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3842626
Гарячі вакансії
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer support representative.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support representative»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor