Вакансія: Customer Support Engineer, компанія СМК (Software MacKiev), робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Інженер служби підтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Customer Support Engineer
СМК (Software MacKiev)
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
CMK is an award-winning developer and publisher of premium-quality software for a range of target markets for Macintosh, Windows and mobile platforms (see www.mackiev.com). We are looking for a full-time customer support staff member to participate in interesting projects. Requirements:
Excellent written English
Attentiveness to detail
Knowledge of basic computer terminology with the capacity and desire to learn more
Computer literacy
Logical thinking
Technical background
Previous experience in customer support and/or extensive knowledge of different software is a plus
Familiarity with the software development process is a plus
Live-chat support experience is a plus
Responsibilities:
Helping customers with their technical support requests
Communicating with other Customer Support Department specialists
Representing the customer’s point of view to the company
Providing analysis of issues, working with other departments to improve the company’s products
Troubleshooting customers' issues with the software and praiding solutions/fixes
We offer:
A challenging job
A competitive salary
Free medical insurance coverage
Health program (free swimming pool and gym)
Flexible working hours
24 fully paid vacation days
Paid sick leave
A convenient location — 5 minutes from metro, free parking
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Customer Support Manager
SocialTech. Київ.
Quality manager (Customer Support department)
Eurosender. Київ.
Customer support manager
AIR. Київ.
Інженер HelpDesk
Ліга, група компаній. Київ.
Customer Support Manager (Polish)
Tamga. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Support engineer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата інженера служби підтримки у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3807105
Гарячі вакансії
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer support representative.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Support engineer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor