Вакансія: Customer support specialist, компанія Quest Marketing LTD, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст підтримки користувачів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Customer support specialist
18 500 грн
каждые 6 мес. повышение на 10% + бонусы
Quest Marketing LTD
Маркетинг, реклама, PR;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Ділова.
2,3 км від центру ·
На мапі
Yelizaveta ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Опис вакансії
A leading international online marketing company is looking for energetic and enthusiastic people to join our team!You will be of great asset if:
you possess great English written and oral communication skills;
you are a fluent Windows PC user with speedy typing skills;
you’re ready to take at least 2 night shifts per week;
attentiveness is all about you;
diligence is what you are truly proud of;
you are an amazing team player;
you are open-minded and result-oriented;
stress resistance is what you can easily demonstrate upon a need.
What you’ll be doing:
working cooperatively with the team of customer support specialists and other departments answering clients' inquiries over the phone, email and live chat;
working on retaining customers by means of finding the best individual approach to meet clients' expectations following company’s procedures and policies;
never stopping to develop your communication and negotiation skills working closely with the team of trainers and English native speakers;
escalating feedback received from clients to ensure company’s success.
If you are the one we’ll offer
flexible schedule so that you can find time for yourself;
paid training session conducted by experienced trainers + shadowing program and post-training support;
international contract as well as bonuses for meeting provided metrics and impressive quality results;
opportunity for professional development and personal growth;
convenient friendly office in the city center with the atmosphere you’ll fall in love with;
regular team-building and corporate events;
being a part of great and inspiring project.
We will be glad to welcome you in our team!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Консультант клієнтської підтримки
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Customer Support Manager
SocialTech. Київ.
Quality manager (Customer Support department)
Eurosender. Київ.
Customer support manager
AIR. Київ.
Оператор технічної підтримки, 9 000 грн
Воля. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Customer support specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста підтримки користувачів у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3839807
Гарячі вакансії
Web-программист.
20 000 грн.*
Коротень А. М., ФЛП. Київ.
Инженер компьютерных сетей и информационной безопасности.
Global Bilgi. Київ.
Специалист по работе с задолженностью, коллектор (call-центр, soft-collection).
20 000 – 25 000 грн.
ШвидкоГрошi. Київ.
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Оператор онлайн-чата.
10 000 грн.*
Guru.Team. Київ.
Senior 2D Artist (UI).
Voki Games. Київ.
Системный администратор.
18 000 грн.
СмартШоп. Київ.
Business process development manager.
Vega, телекоммуникационная группа. Київ.
Инженер-монтажник ОПС.
14 000 – 18 000 грн.
Кардинал, охоронна компанія. Київ.
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor