Вакансія: Technical Support Engineer (L1), компанія Diya.pro, робота у Житомирі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Житомирі
Інженер служби підтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Відгук без резюме
Вакансія від 26 лютого 2020
Technical Support Engineer (L1)
Diya.pro
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Житомир
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Опис вакансії
DIYA.pro is currently seeking to hire Technical Support Engineer for full-time position to our Zhytomyr office, who is a tech-savvy with excellent troubleshooting skills to join us.Position is for our first level of support working directly with end users to resolve technology issues remotely for our nationwide client base. Engineer will be exposed to multiple desktop, network and server technologies in our diverse customer infrastructure environments. The L1 position responds to, resolves, and escalates incoming technical client issues and requests submitted by phone, e-mail, or ticketing system with a focus on superior customer service. Responsibilities for the Technical Support include but are not limited to the following:Provide expert remote desktop support and basic server administration with a focus on:
Client satisfaction
Service delivery quality
Technical excellence
Qualifications:
Experience with Windows and Mac operating systems and office applications
Excellent troubleshooting skills
Excellent communication and people skills
Ability to learn new technologies quickly
Ability to work within tight deadlines
Ability to multitask and perform under pressure
Readiness to different time-shifts (our operations are 24/7)
Detail oriented, self-motivated, punctual, quick-thinking, creative and proactive
English is required (at least Beginner level)
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі посади у Житомирі
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
System administrator
Support engineer
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Житомирі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата інженера служби підтримки в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/2281697
Тренінги по темі «Support engineer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor