Вакансія: Customer Support, Compliance representative (German Departmant), компанія Clever 4ever, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Відгук без резюме
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Customer Support, Compliance representative (German Departmant)
+Бонусы
Clever 4ever
Фінанси, банки, страхування;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Максим ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
Advanced Regulatory Company is looking for English and German speaking Customer Service managers. We give you an opportunity to learn and develop yourself. We offer you a work in a young friendly and ambitious team.If you have no experience, don’t worry. We are providing a training with our the best successful professionals of the market.Requirements:
Fluent English/German
Strong communication skills
Good general computer skills (Office, Internet, Skype, email, etc.)
Self-motivated and friendly
Responsibilities:
Consult clients about services, features
Work with existing clients and build long-term cooperation
Customer oriented and responsible attitude
Handle inbound requests
Working conditions:
Office in the city center near metro station Lva Tolstogo
Working hours: 10:00—19:00 Monday-Friday
Competitive salary Basic (from 13500 UAH net amount) + Bonus
Monthly marathons with prizes
Professional training
Financial and professional growth
Unique experience of working with global market
8 good reasons to work with us:
Competitive salary;
Interesting tasks, opportunities for career and professional growth;
Paid leave 24 days and other social benefits;
Official employment
Medical insurance after 6 months of work;
Convenient location of the office in the city center;
Coffee, tea and snacks at the expense of the company;
Friendly atmosphere and good working conditions.
If you are ready to earn more and became a part of our friendly team we are waiting for your CV
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Консультант клієнтської підтримки
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Customer Support Manager
SocialTech. Київ.
Quality manager (Customer Support department)
Eurosender. Київ.
Support/Fraud Manager for Payment gateway
Gamingtec. Київ.
Customer support manager
AIR. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3543156
Тренінги по темі «Customer Support, Compliance representative (German Departmant)»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor