Вакансія: Hosting customer support specialist, 11 200 грн, компанія Zone3000, IT-company, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Спеціаліст підтримки користувачів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Hosting customer support specialist
11 200 грн
Zone3000, IT-company
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків
Дарья Зенькина ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
ZONE3000 is an international IT company that provides domain name registration, web hosting services and SSL certificates. We work with Namecheap, which is included in the Top-3 best domain name registrars. We have been trusted by more than 6 million customers all over the world for more than 18 years, which is proven by 10 million registered domain names. We are seeking for a candidate for a Hosting customer support specialist position. All you need is a desire to learn technical material as well as have an Intermediate level of English proficiency.We offer:
Opportunities for personal growth and professional development in hosting sphere as well as technical directions
A job in IT without experience
A technical training course with unique content from the internal training center, where you will be provided with basic knowledge regarding Internet services, communication with foreign customers, modern business correspondence and work in large IT company. In addition, you will be provided with basic technical knowledge required for the position (with the training being successful, we pay $ 300 expressed in the hryvnia).
Pay starting from 400$ per month, expressed in the hryvnia (night shifts are paid at one and a half rate)
Work experience in IT in accordance with international standards
Soft and hard skills development in the corporate «University» provided by our NY office specialists
Official employment
Paid vacation and sick leave
Shift schedule (08:30—16:30, 16:30—00:30, 00:30—08:30)
Night commute by taxi at the company’s expense
Responsibilities:
Provision of technical support to customers around the world
Assistance in the selection, installation and configuration of the products and services of the company.
Working with DNS system, DNS configurations
Managing email services and working with their features
Effectively troubleshoot issues and resolve problems related to server operating systems — CloudLinux, CentOS
Troubleshoot and resolve issues related to the MySQL and PHP configurations
Working closely with Content Management systems such as WordPress, Magento, etc.
Supporting and managing cPanel services
Perks:
English classes in the company office (Speaking Clubs, Grammar Lectures, Boardgames)
Points accumulation system (can be exchanged for MAKEUP, Rozetka certificates and others)
Employee discount program providing discounts and special conditions from the company’s partners
Paid gym membership
Football, volleyball and basketball teams, table tennis and other activities
Corporate parties and teambuilding activities
Fruit days, tea, coffee and milk with vitamin D
If you are interested, contact us:Email: [відгукнутися]
Показати телефон — Telegram
Показати телефон — Viber
Показати телефон
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Специалист технической поддержки, 11 200 грн
Zone3000, IT-company. Харків.
Customer Support Specialist, 11 200 грн
Zone3000, IT-company. Харків.
IT Support Manager (Fluent English), 10 900 – 13 600 грн
PharmBills. Харків.
Инженер технической поддержки (SQL)
CS. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Customer support specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста підтримки користувачів у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3850116
Тренінги по темі «Customer support specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor