Вакансія: Customer Support Specialist, 11 200 грн, компанія Zone3000, IT-company, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Спеціаліст підтримки користувачів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Відгук без резюме
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Customer Support Specialist
11 200 грн
Zone3000, IT-company
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Львів
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
ZONE3000 is an international IT company that provides domain name registration, web hosting services and SSL certificates. We work with Namecheap, which is included in the Top-3 best domain name registrars. We have been trusted by more than 6 million customers all over the world for more than 18 years, which is proven by 10 million registered domain names.If you dream of a job in IT, if you have an Intermediate level of English proficiency, we are ready to teach you everything necessary.We offer:
A job in IT without experience
A technical training course with unique content from the internal training center, where you will be told what the Internet consists of, why domains and hosting are necessary, how to manage Internet services and how Internet payments work, you will also be taught how to interact with foreign customers, how to do modern business correspondence and how to work in large IT companies (with the training being successful, we pay $ 300 expressed in the hryvnia)
Pay starting from 400$ per month, expressed in the hryvnia (night shifts are paid at one and a half rate)
Work experience in IT in accordance with international standards
Opportunities for professional development and personal growth
Soft and hard skills development in the corporate «University» provided by our NY office specialists
Official employment
Paid vacation and sick leave
Shift schedule (08:00—16:00, 16:00—00:00, 00:00—08:00)
Night commute by taxi at the company’s expense
Responsibilities:
The provision of technical support to customers around the world, including answering questions, assistance in the selection, installation and configuration of the products and services of the company.
Perks:
English classes in the company office
Points accumulation system (can be exchanged for MAKEUP, Rozetka certificates and others)
Employee discount program providing discounts and special conditions from the company’s partners
Paid gym membership
Football team
Corporate parties and teambuilding activities
Fruit days, tea, coffee and milk with vitamin D
If you are interested, contact us:Email: [відгукнутися]
Показати телефон
Показати телефон — Telegram
Показати телефон — Viber
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Operations support specialist
RocketRoute Ltd.. Львів.
Buyer Support Services Specialist with knowledge of German
Swissform Ukraine LLC. Львів.
Customer support specialist
Agiliway. Львів.
Инженер технической поддержки
Аптека низких цен. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Customer support specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста підтримки користувачів у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/1601358
Гарячі вакансії
Електрик, спеціаліст-сантехнік для монтажу обладнання автомийок (з навчанням).
12 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Lux Wash. Львів.
Оператор call-центру.
8 000 – 11 000 грн.
Vodafone Україна. Львів.
Менеджер по продажам (телефонные переговоры).
30 000 грн.*
YourQuery S.R.O.. Львів.
Customer support, Risk Analyst.
10 000 – 18 000 грн.
PayPro Ukraine. Львів.
Middle/Senior App Developer.
MSV Multicall. Львів.
Спеціаліст з інформаційно-консультаційної підтримки (сербська, хорватська).
23 000 грн.
Ранвей Україна, ТОВ. Львів.
Robotics Process Automation Junior Specialist.
PwC Service Delivery Center. Львів.
Оператор з телефонних продажів.
9 000 – 11 000 грн.
Vodafone Україна. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor