Вакансія: Customer Service Agent (e-mails), 17 500 грн, компанія Nexteum, робота у Миколаєві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Миколаєві
Customer service agent
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Customer Service Agent (e-mails)
17 500 грн
Nexteum
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Миколаїв
София ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, дистанційна робота.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Benefits:
Monthly income: $700. It is set in the contract and depends on the level of skills;
Contract with the American company;
Possibility to become a part of the team supporting the largest online store that sells performance and replacement auto parts, auto styling accessories, and products for auto and moto racing and is one of the top 5 leading stores in the U.S. and Canadian markets;
Experience in a high load e-commerce project;
Full-time job only — (5 days a week: 8 hours a day, evening shifts: 3:00 p.m.- 12:00 a.m., 4:00 p.m. — 01:00 a.m.).
Responsibilities:
Providing a great experience to clients by email or chart;
Providing appropriate and correct information about customer order status and product requests;
Staying friendly even when faced with dissatisfaction or frustration;
Learning quickly from success and failures;
Placing orders, processing changes/returns, etc. according to established policies and procedures.
Qualifications to Apply:
Ukrainian citizenship (applicants with a temporary resistance permit will be rejected);
Fluent English (spoken and written);
Patience in dealing with confused or irate customers;
Problem-solving skills and the ability to think under pressure;
Desire to learn more about the company, its products and services.
About Us:The NEXTEUM company invites Customer Service Agent (emails) to join the team of the largest international online project developed in Ukraine.For 15 years, we have been developing and supporting a network of online stores, leading in automotive, motorcycle, powersports, boating, and other industries. We offer exclusive innovations and unique customer-oriented service for our partners. With our team, you will get valuable experience of working on the largest projects and solving problems in the field of software development.To apply please send your CV OR follow the link https://goo.gl/jzLCJ3 and sign up for an interview to evaluate your English.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер по работе с клиентами в SEO-студию, 6 000 – 20 000 грн
Руденко В.А., ФЛП. Миколаїв.
Customer Service Agent (phones, pure CS), 26 500 грн
Nexteum. Миколаїв.
System administrator, account manager, 7 000 – 12 000 грн
Brightech. Миколаїв.
Специалист по работе с клиентами (горячая линия)
Контактис, контакт-центр. Миколаїв.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Миколаєві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Customer service agent
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Миколаєві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата customer service agent у Миколаєві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3432874
Тренінги по темі «Customer service agent»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor