Вакансія: Data Analyst BI, компанія Київстар, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Data analyst
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Гаряча вакансія
Data Analyst BI
Київстар
· VIP
Телекомунікації, зв'язок;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Дегтярівська, 53.
6,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
For the period of quarantine Kyivstar continues his work and takes care that our clients keep in touch with their relatives and friends, being duly provided with high quality information.Our activity hasn’t stopped and most of our employees work remotely. During this complicated period we conduct job interviews online, make job offers and arrange remote working mode for our candidates. Stay at home and we will take care of your job interview, making it comfortable and safe! Main responsibilities
Managing all aspects of online dashboards development process
Business analysis work (requirements collection, negotiations with stakeholders)
Data visualization, data quality management, performance tuning
Transformation and development of the reporting systems (BI + Oracle, BI + Hive)
Specifications on data integration and data flow development in Oracle database
Managing user permissions on BI system
Holding up trainings for end users and preparing documentation
Key requirements:
Experience as business analyst (requirements collection, negotiations with stakeholders), experience at reports preparation for senior management;
Ability to structure and solve complex, ambiguous problems. Strong project management, interpersonal, and organizational skills;
Strong analytical and data visualization skills;
1+ years of BI tool development experience (Tableau, Qlik, Power BI etc.)
strong SQL skills — 3+ years of exp.
advanced MS Office user (esp. Excel)
English — upper-intermediate and higher.
Working at VEON demands a high standard of business ethics and adherence to our legal obligations, our values and our Code of Conduct and supporting compliance policies and procedures. Our pioneering spirit is embodied in our values to be customer obsessed, entrepreneurial, innovative, collaborative, and truthful. Being truthful requires us to act ethically, honestly, and with integrity.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Data analyst
UKRSIBBANK BNP Paribas Group. Київ.
Data Analyst, 33 000 – 39 000 грн
Alirm LLC. Київ.
Data Analyst
Favorit Sport. Київ.
Провідний адміністратор баз даних (Oracle)
UKRSIBBANK BNP Paribas Group. Київ.
Data Scientist
Autodoc. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Адміністратор баз даних
Data scientist
Аналітик
Analyst
Системний аналітик
Data analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата data analyst у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3862086
Гарячі вакансії
Marketing Data Analyst.
Master Call LLC. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor