Вакансія: Shipment Data Analyst, компанія ControlPay, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Data analyst
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 1 квітня 2020
Shipment Data Analyst
ControlPay
Консалтинг, аудит, бухгалтерія;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
ControlPay is a Global freight audit solution provider. We are trusted Partner between our customers and their carriers. Every year we process millions of transport orders and invoices. Doing this by our own developed programs and supported by customers' service teams we achieve cost saving and visibility in the complex processes of our clients. This makes ControlPay the innovative and fast-growing company, leading the social responsible business on the market.We are looking for Shipment Data Analyst to join our team.YOU will be involved in:
Navigation through and usage of ControlPay web-platform and support tools;
Shipment data analysis;
Calculation logics check;
Freight invoices verification via ControlPay web-platform;
Communication with our customers (via ControlPay internal system).
Person we are looking for:YOU need to:
Know English on the Intermediate level (or above);
Have good skills of MS Office;
Have strong analytical skills;
Have logistics knowledge (as a plus).
YOU are:
Attentive to details;
Assiduous;
Responsible;
Flexible;
Proactive in problem solving;
Fast-learner;
Team player;
Able to prioritize, and multi-task;
What we offer to You:
Experience of cooperation in a cross-cultural environment with dedicated professionals;
Friendly and energetic team as well as significant support from colleagues;
Long-term employment;
Competitive compensation level;
Special Adaptation Training program;
Health care (medical insurance, office massage, yoga);
Sport Communities;
Team-building activities;
Comfortable working place with modern facilities;
Office close to Vasylkivska subway station;
Free transfer from subway station — to the office.
Development opportunities include:
Periodical performance and progress review;
Transparent path of career and professional growth;
Internal training programs.
If you are interested in this position and match above-stated requirements, please do not hesitate to send your CV.For more detailed information about our company, visit our official page:https://www.controlpay.com
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Аналітик інформаційних систем
FM Logistic. Київ.
Менеджер-аналітик проектів інформаційної безпеки
UKRSIBBANK BNP Paribas Group. Київ.
Аналітик даних (data science)
Креди Агриколь, банк. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Адміністратор баз даних
Data scientist
Аналітик
Analyst
Системний аналітик
Data analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
Фінанси, банк
Бухгалтерія, аудит
Логістика, склад, ЗЕД
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата data analyst у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3857052
Тренінги по темі «Data analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor