Вакансія: Data Analyst, 33 000 – 39 000 грн, компанія Alirm LLC, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Data analyst
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 1 квітня 2020
Data Analyst
33 000 – 39 000 грн · Negotiable, based on skills
Alirm LLC
Роздрібна торгівля;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, Кловський узвіз.
1,5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We are looking for a highly professional and pro-active System (Data) Analyst to join our Kyiv based team. We sell our products across various marketplaces, such as Amazon, eBay, Walmart, Shopify, Wayfair, etc. This is a great chance to be involved in a rapidly growing company and become a valuable part of the international team.Responsibilities:
Analyzing and updating inventory levels and sales using Excel/Google Sheets;
Build reports and perform analyses to draw insights and work with the appropriate parts of the organization to implement changes based on those insights;
Perform «what if» and ad-hoc analyses and question existing assumptions and processes;
Develop and track key metrics that represent the KPI for company’s products and the e-commerce marketplace;
Support development of self-service analytics through interactive dashboards and other data tools;
Design and analyze A/B, Before/After tests to quantify the impact of customer-facing changes;
Requirements:
Proven 2+ years of experience in the field;
Intermediate + level of English is a must;
Advanced skills in Excel (knowledge of spreadsheet functionality: v-look-up, pivot tables, charts, graphing and macros);
Experience with BI tools: Google Data Studio/ Microsoft PowerBI / Tableau etc.;
Experience with Transactional and Multi-Dimensional Databases, Data Warehouse;
Experience with SQL and schema-design would be a plus;
Experience in working with the Apache web server environment: Hadoop, Hive, Python, Spark, Pig, MySQL, etc would be a plus.
Work conditions:
Full-time office job 5 days, 40 hours week;
Competitive stable compensation;
Career advancement opportunities within the company and personal development;
Work schedule: 12 pm — 9 pm (UTC+3);
Official contract.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Data Analyst
Favorit Sport. Київ.
Провідний адміністратор баз даних (Oracle)
UKRSIBBANK BNP Paribas Group. Київ.
Data Scientist
Autodoc. Київ.
Адміністратор БД (МS SQL Server)
ПЗУ Україна, страхова компанія. Київ.
Data analyst
UKRSIBBANK BNP Paribas Group. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Адміністратор баз даних
Data scientist
Аналітик
Analyst
Системний аналітик
Data analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата data analyst у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3594649
Гарячі вакансії
Linkbuilder.
Lime Devs. Київ.
SEO-, SMM-автоматизатор.
Lime Devs. Київ.
Контент-менеджер.
Lime Devs. Київ.
Trainee/Junior C# Backend Engineer.
Artcom venture GmbH. Київ.
SMM-менеджер.
12 000 грн.
TMP. Київ.
Middle/Senior developer.
BetPlanet. Київ.
Facebook-таргетолог.
Lime Devs. Київ.
Developer (ASP.NET MVC, SQL, C#).
BEEPER. Київ.
Програміст 1C.
Експрес-Т. Київ.
SEO-менеджер.
Moyo, мережа магазинів. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Data analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor