Вакансія: Oracle DB Administrator (Media Conglomerate), компанія DataArt, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Адміністратор Oracle
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 30 березня 2020
Oracle DB Administrator (Media Conglomerate)
DataArt
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
DataArt is involved in software modernization of key business areas of one of the largest music conglomerates.The solutions we’re currently developing affect various aspects of recording studios: tour organization, merchandising, management of licenses and rights, analytical tools.DataArt has developed a platform that allows you to reuse the functional units and thereby reduce the cost of creating and supporting applications.This project will allow you to gain experience in working with complex systems and will introduce you to different aspects of the music business.Must have:
3+ years of experience working with Oracle (version 10g /11g /12s).
Experience with Oracle GoldenGate
Development experience using PL/SQL
Understanding the relational data model and normal forms
Excellent knowledge of Structured Query Language (SQL) and Oracle statements
Good spoken English.
Would be a plus:
Experience with DMS and RDS in AWS
DataArt offers:
Professional Development:
• Experienced colleagues who are ready to share knowledge;• The ability to switch projects, technology stacks, try yourself in different roles;• More than 150 workplaces for advanced training;• Study and practice of English: courses and communication with colleagues and clients from different countries;• Support of speakers who make presentations at conferences and meetings of technology communities.
The ability to focus on your work: a lack of bureaucracy and micromanagement, and convenient corporate services;
Friendly atmosphere, concern for the comfort of specialists;
Flexible schedule and the ability to work remotely;
The ability to work in any of our development centers.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Data Analyst
Favorit Sport. Київ.
Провідний адміністратор баз даних (Oracle)
UKRSIBBANK BNP Paribas Group. Київ.
Адміністратор БД (МS SQL Server)
ПЗУ Україна, страхова компанія. Київ.
Data analyst
UKRSIBBANK BNP Paribas Group. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Data analyst
Адміністратор баз даних
DBA
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Oracle administrator
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата адміністратора Oracle у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3855931
Гарячі вакансії
Data Analyst BI.
Київстар. Київ.
Marketing Data Analyst.
Master Call LLC. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Oracle administrator»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor