Вакансія: Assistant Sales Manager, Representative, компанія Аниськина А., ФЛП, робота в Одесі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
в Одесі
Менеджер з продажу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Assistant Sales Manager, Representative
Аниськина А., ФЛП
Консалтинг, аудит, бухгалтерія;
10–50 співробітників
Одеса, проспект Гагаріна, 25.
3,6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
The company is a leading provider of Card Services in the American market. We specialize in Card programs for Employers and their employees. These include debit, reloadable and gift cards.Requirements:English Proficiency, especially listening, reading and writing skills.
Proven inside sales experience
Track record of over-achieving quota
Strong phone presence and experience dialing dozens of calls per day
Proficient with corporate productivity and web presentation tools
Experience working with Salesforce.com or similar CRM
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
Strong listening and presentation skills
Ability to multi-task, prioritize, and manage time effectively
English is written and oral communications skills
Bachelor’s degree or relevant certification is a plus
Responsibilities:
Source new sales opportunities through inbound lead follow-up and outbound cold calls and emails
Understand customer needs and requirements
Route qualified opportunities to the appropriate sales executives for further development and closure
Close sales and achieve quarterly quotas
Research accounts, identify key players and generate interest
Use various tools — Internet, LinkedIn, etc. to identify companies that would benefit from our services
Determine key decision-makers at these firms
Maintain and expand your database of prospects within your assigned territory
Team with channel partners to build pipeline and close deals
Perform effective online demos to prospects
Support sales related questions and queries from potential customers
Assist with marketing teams' programs to generate new business opportunities
Use sales tools to track and manage sales funnel and customer opportunities
We offer:
Work from office Odessa,
flexible schedule
Competitive salary
Paid vacation and sick leaves
English classes at the expense of the company
Please submit English version of your CVWe are waiting for feedback only from citizens of Ukraine
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Медицинский представитель, менеджер по продажам, 15 000 грн
Инвитро, независимая лаборатория. Одеса.
Менеджер по продажам строительных материалов, торговый представитель, 15 000 грн
Первый дом. Одеса.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади в Одесі
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота в Одесі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з продажу в Одесі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3858186
Гарячі вакансії
Объектный менеджер (продажа лакокрасочных материалов).
20 000 грн.
Краски Колорит. Одеса.
Менеджер з продажу металу.
Турімпекс. Одеса.
Менеджер по продажам.
20 000 грн.*
Best Sales Team (South Corp). Одеса.
Менеджер по продажам.
15 000 грн.*
MATI. Одеса.
Менеджер по продажам запчастей.
7 000 – 15 000 грн.*
HR Assistant. Одеса.
Менеджер по продажам.
11 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Хаскі Аутсорсинг, ТОВ. Одеса.
Тренінги по темі «Sales manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor