Вакансія: Product Line Sales Manager (Prestigio Solutions-IDS), компанія Asbis-Украина, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Продукт-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Product Line Sales Manager (Prestigio Solutions-IDS)
Asbis-Украина
Гуртова торгівля, дистрибуція, імпорт, експорт;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Газова, 30.
7,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
ASBISc Enterprises Plc is one of the leading distributors of Information and Communications Technology products and solutions in EMEA Emerging Markets.We are looking for Product Line Sales Manager (Prestigio Solutions-IDS)Responsibilities:
Prepares and promptly bring the necessary for sales increase information to key clients in assigned product group (market state information, new products, updates to product lines, the competitive advantages of product)
Keep the knowledge about technical & custom characteristics of products in assigned product line
Manage & establish competitive prices. Monitor the movement & competition prices to have clear & strong pricing management / strategy (basic price, sizes & terms of discounts, special prices…)
Ensure that data is accurately entered and managed within the company’s CRM and Sales Project system
Stable revenue and GP growth based on Prestigio Enterprise Solutions sales
Old stock control
Project timeline
Promptly respond to requests from clients / partners / customers / colleagues
Key account management and development
Reaches or exceeds the planned results
Leads generation
Skills and qualifications:
3−5 years of sales experience. An MBA is often requested as well
Team-player attitude with a high comfort level working collaboratively
Have project execution back ground, comprehensive knowledge of solution
Experience of work in companies: Integration Integrators, project institutes, vendors, A-brands
A Bachelor degree/diploma holder equivalent
We offer:
Competitive salary + KPIs performance related bonus
Medical insurance
Possibility of personal and professional development
Dynamic work environment of international company
Other employee’s benefit
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам, 20 000 – 35 000 грн
Z Solutions. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам, 25 000 – 30 000 грн
Z Solutions. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам логистических услуг (B2B, входящая линия), 18 000 – 25 000 грн
Express by MCargo. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам на входящую линию, 15 000 – 20 000 грн
Гелексі Фінанс. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Продакт-менеджер
Продукт-менеджер
Product manager
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing manager
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата продукт-менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3843307
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам со знанием польского языка (Forex).
40 000 грн.
Work Out Lead. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам упаковочных материалов.
20 000 грн.*
Майнау. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам недвижимости, по работе с клиентами, риелтор.
25 000 – 50 000 грн.*
Alfabrok.ua (Альфаброк, ТМ). Київ.
Менеджер по оптовой торговле (B2B, упаковочные материалы).
27 000 грн.*
Baloo Extrusion. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (запорная трубопроводная арматура).
УкрАрматура, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам, риелтор (ст. м. Площадь Независимости).
15 000 – 45 000 грн.*
Вся недвижимость Украины. Київ.
Оператор call-центра, sales manager.
17 000 – 22 000 грн.*
U-Trust. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам нефтепродуктов.
20 000 грн.*
Линии Контрактов, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам и работе с клиентами.
15 000 – 40 000 грн.
Euro Car Service. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
25 000 – 45 000 грн.
Traffic Master. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Product manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor