Вакансія: B2B Sales Manager, 24 000 – 36 000 грн, компанія Luxury Brand Consulting LLC, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Менеджер з продажу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 21 березня 2020
B2B Sales Manager
24 000 – 36 000 грн · Ставка + бонусы
Luxury Brand Consulting LLC
Маркетинг, реклама, PR;
10–50 співробітників
Львів
Повна зайнятість, дистанційна робота, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Luxury Lifestyle Awards is a global award selecting, recognizing, celebrating and promoting the best luxury goods and services all over the world is now looking for an experienced B2B Sales Manager for Remote Work to join our fast growing international team. Your primary responsibility will be actively approaching targeted business clients via telephone, email, social network. Advanced spoken and written English is a Must. Why join our team?
Interesting project and product that you can be proud of;
Remote work and flexible schedule;
Open-minded friendly team that is happy to hear new ideas and suggestions from each of employees;
Opportunities for Career Growth;
High-Profile Clients — best luxury businesses all over the world;
Paid vacation and sick leaves (after working 6 months in our company);
Competitive salary paid on time in USD — you can easily earn over 1000 USD monthly (fixed rate and unlimited bonuses)
What will your main responsibilities be?
Making phone and email sales;
Conducting B2B negotiations, searching contact details of the relevant clients, closing deals;
Taking part in creation of strategic sales plans, implementing them and analyzing the results;
Meeting and exceeding sales goals;
Maintaining client records in CRM;
Establishing, developing and maintaining positive business and customer relationships, handling clients' requests/questions in timely manner;
Presenting sales reports and realistic forecasts to the management team;
Identifying and implementing ways to increase leads and sales performance
What are we expecting from you?
Strong self-management skills and high motivation;
Ability to work remotely — computer/laptop, fast and reliable Internet access, headset;
Successful previous experience in B2B sales to foreign clients (US/EU) and lead generation, understanding of the sales process and dynamics;
Advanced level of written and spoken English;
Excellent verbal and written business communication skills;
Competency in Microsoft applications including Word, Excel and Outlook;
Diploma in Linguistics/International Relations or similar area will be a plus;
Experience of working in luxury field will be a plus
A few more words about working conditions.
Remote work;
Flexible schedule 5/2, 8-hour working day;
IP telephony;
Regular meetings with the team (online);
Clients' databases provided;
Fixed rate and bonuses (discussed at the interview);
Conditions for professional development and career growth
Do you want to work remotely, develop your professional skills, make impact on the project and your salary? — We will be happy to have you in our team! Feel free to contact us and send you CV with a few words about yourself. Check out our website for more info: https://luxurylifestyleawards.com/Contact Us:Email: [відгукнутися]
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер по корпоративным продажам (B2B)
Koderline. Львів.
Менеджер з продажу та розвитку бренду чоловічої косметики (B2B), 13 000 грн
Solidol, barbershop. Львів.
Sales Manager (B2B)
Капарол Украина. Львів.
Менеджер з продажу (В2В)
BK Investment. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з продажу у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3833438
Гарячі вакансії
Оператор з телефонних продажів.
9 000 – 11 000 грн.
Vodafone Україна. Львів.
Менеджер по продажам (телефонные переговоры).
30 000 грн.*
YourQuery S.R.O.. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Sales manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor