Вакансія: Business development, sales manager, компанія Codemotion, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер з продажу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Business development, sales manager
Codemotion
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Лейпцизька, 15.
2,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Required skills:
Outstanding/Advanced English, both written and verbal
Excellent networking, communication and negotiation skills
Sales background in IT (2+ years)
Deep understanding of IT business and customers needs
Strong knowledge of software development process
Experience in sales through Upwork/Linkedin/Events, other sources, and tools
Proven successful sales track record (B2B)
Proactive Team player, flexible, self-motivated, result-oriented
Will be a plus:
Technical background in IT service/product company
Experience Fintech and Logistics domains
Understanding of project management methodologies
Experience in Public speaking/presentations pitch
Familiarity with trending sales techniques and best practices
Responsibilities:
Dealing with multiple warm leads from US/Western Europe/Middle East
Identifying and formation of customers' needs
Project planning and estimation with the development team
Identifying and developing the company’s unique selling propositions and differentiators
Preparing business offers and commercial proposals
Holding negotiations with clients
Deals closure and successful transition to delivery
CRM activity and rules adherence for accurate sales planning, reporting, and forecasting
Achieve quarterly and annual quota and pipeline development objectives
Attending conferences, events, and meetups
We offer:Watch Our Team Trailer youtu.be/QssqMgXHB4s
Only a flexible work schedule and opportunity to work remotely
Follow «work and life balance» principle
Interesting projects with trending technologies, which you’re eager to find
Decent Salary fixed in USD + Sales commissions monthly (%)
Opportunity to attend sales conferences, training, R&D, hackathon, networking events, etc.
English Speaking Club with a native speaker
Funny celebrations, team outings, and unforgettable corporate events
Compensation for sick lists and regular vacations
Comfortable office near Pecherska metro station
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
IT Sales Manager (Business Development), 35 000 – 50 000 грн
Silvito. Київ.
Менеджер по активным продажам (В2В), Business development manager, 15 000 – 45 000 грн
Ава Тек, ТОВ. Київ.
Trainee/Junior IT Sales, Business Development Manager
ITExpert. Київ.
Business Development, Sales Executive, 26 000 грн
Leptos estates. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
Адмiнiстрацiя, керівництво середньої ланки
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з продажу у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3821681
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам.
15 000 – 30 000 грн.
Вікна Віконда, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (горячая база, с обучением).
18 000 – 29 000 грн.*
Телелайн Едветайзмент, ООО. Київ.
Оператор call-центра, менеджер телефонных продаж.
10 000 – 17 000 грн.*
MLux. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам и работе с клиентами.
15 000 – 40 000 грн.
Euro Car Service. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
26 000 грн.
Телелайн Едветайзмент, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
10 000 – 30 000 грн.*
LinkAdd.In. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (горячая база).
16 000 – 50 000 грн.*
Finconsulting Ukraine. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам шин и дисков.
10 000 – 50 000 грн.*
МПК Таерс, ООО. Київ.
Оператор call-центра, sales manager.
17 000 – 22 000 грн.*
U-Trust. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (HoReCa).
25 000 грн.*
Fabrika Coffee. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Sales manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor