Вакансія: SEM, PPC Manager, компанія Райффайзен Банк Аваль, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
PPC-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
SEM, PPC Manager
Райффайзен Банк Аваль
· VIP
Фінанси, банки, страхування;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Миколи Лєскова, 9.
2,5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We are looking for intelligent, motivated SEO & PPC specialist for a full-time opportunity to meet the bank products Web presence objectives.The person in this role will manage the strategy and execution of all of the Bank portfolio of Paid Search campaigns and will be responsible for guiding the optimization to meet specified performance objectives and maximizing ROI while ensuring monthly/ weekly spend forecasts are met. There is a heavy focus on operations, agency management, budget management including revenue, spend, and traffic forecasts, and analysis of data and communication of trends/insights.Our ideal candidate is someone with deep experience in PPC channels and whole understanding of whole digital marketing system. In addition to being an outstanding team-player, demonstrating excellent interpersonal and analytical skills.Evaluate important metrics that affect our website traffic, service quotas, and target audience.RESPONSIBILITIES:
Responsible for planning, implementing, optimizing and analyzing pay-per-click search-engine marketing activities
Manage agency in the day-to-day search and display marketing activities
Keyword and audience research (discovery and expansion), review and editing of ad creative/copy, review and analysis of website performance metrics, and optimization of campaigns.
Grow and optimize keywords portfolio through testing (A/B and Multivariate) with ad copy, landing pages, bidding strategies, negative keywords, etc.
Drive continued innovation and best practice implementation;
Act as a specialist of the search-engine and display marketing channels;
Be an expert in PPC and stay abreast of new technologies in the search and, overall, digital space
Develop and monitor campaign budgets and KPIs, coordinate with agency, set KPIs.
Work closely with other digital marketing team members to brainstorm new and innovative growth strategies.
Become a product expert in banking; understand the top issues and new developments
REQUIREMENTS:
Minimum bachelor degree; preferably in the field of Economics, Marketing, IT
3+ years of experience in Paid Search (agency or client-side preferably in eCommerce), PPC/SEM in marketing, sales or agency environments — search engine experience and knowledge of digital-based business models
Advanced level proficiency with Excel (pivot tables, vlookups, index/match)
Demonstrate an expertise in PPC; staying current with new advances in search-engine marketing, competitive landscape, and keyword research
Working knowledge of Google Analytics, conversion tracking software, eCommerce, and the interplay of PPC/SEM
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, particularly in communicating technical information to a diverse audience
Up-to-date on the latest trends and technologies in digital marketing
What do we offer?
become a part of a highly professional and successful team
involvement in challenging, large-scale and diverse projects which have impact for the customers
knowledge sharing with colleagues from abroad
competitive salary and bonus system
official employment, 28 days of paid vacation
in-company events and involvement into social projects
join a large international company that gives possibility for professional and personal growth
#знамикращі
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Интернет-маркетолог
Микроприбор, СП. Київ.
Internet marketing specialist, junior media buyer, 16 900 – 18 000 грн
Івед, ТОВ. Київ.
PPC-специалист
Areal. Київ.
Internet marketing specialist, junior media buyer, 16 900 – 18 000 грн
Івед, ТОВ. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Інтернет-маркетолог
PPC-спеціаліст
Адміністратор сайта
Адміністратор інтернет-магазину
PPC manager
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата PPC-менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3593336
Гарячі вакансії
Digital Manager.
Спорт-Платформа, ТОВ. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor