Вакансія: Online Marketing Specialist, 19 000 – 69 000 грн, компанія TalentTeam, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Гаряча вакансія
Online Marketing Specialist
19 000 – 69 000 грн · Salary depends on seniority and qualifications
TalentTeam · Агенція
Пошук персоналу, HR;
10–50 співробітників
Львів, Liska Street, 17.
2,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We are hiring for our customer TrainingMeals.TrainingMeals wants to change the way sports enthusiasts eat. It is a newly found venture out of NY city. It‘s founder created multiple food businesses in the US prior and is a vivid sport enthusiast himself.About the job:We are looking for a data-savvy Marketing Analyst to join our Growth team, whose objective will be to support the fast and sustainable growth of the TrainingMeals business in the United States. You will support and drive marketing campaigns with actionable, relevant insights derived from rigorous quantitative analysis. The ideal candidate is curious, analytical, and obsessive about delivering measurable results.The position will be full-time, and based from our Lviv office. The role acts as the digital marketing lead USA, with direct support from the Media Agency.Your responsibilities:
Design, implement and actively manage user acquisition campaigns across Google AdWords, Bing Ads, Facebook, LinkedIn, YouTube and other platforms with the goal of growing leads and maximizing ROI.
Set goals, KPIs and report on results.
Continuously optimize campaigns through performance analysis, ad copy testing, quality score improvement, keyword management and landing page testing.
Standardize A/B testing & own road map development across, as well as campaign analyses across performance marketing channels.
Design, build, and maintain tools and dashboards for data visualization.
Identify opportunities to test new campaign ideas.
Work closely with members of the Content Marketing team to build campaign assets.
Who we’re looking for:
3+ years of digital marketing experience with focus on lead generation and conversion.
Fluent in Google AdWords, Google Analytics. (certifications preferred).
At least 3 years of hands-on experience setting-up and optimizing programmatic display and video campaigns through various DSPs such as Google Display Network, AppNexus, Mediamath, Doubleclick, and/or other similar platforms.
Familiarity with ad server trafficking and campaign builds.
A deep knowledge of display and video optimization and a good understanding of customer funnels and attribution methods (multi-touch, first-touch, last-click, linear, data-driven, etc.).
Preferably, you have used Sisense (Periscope Data) or other relevant metrics dashboards to analyze data for meaningful optimization insights.
Knowledge of Marketing Automation software like Salesforce Pardot or HubSpot is a plus.
Self-starter with a strong drive to succeed, enthusiasm for a fast-paced, team-oriented environment with a willingness to learn and spearhead new channels.
An excellent level of written English is required.
What we offer:
Fast career development opportunities in a dynamic results-driven US organization.
Competitive compensation based on your qualifications and performance.
You’ll have the chance to push your ideas from inception to execution without being held back by bureaucracy.
A vibrant, international environment.
Flexible working hours and paid vacation & sick leave
Free German language course, with an option to relocate to Germany in the future.
Free local gym access or private healthcare.
Regular team events
Free coffee, tea and snacks
We are constantly working on improving our office environment and introducing new team member benefits. Give us your feedback what you would like to see here.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Інтернет маркетолог (SEO, SMM, PPC), 7 500 – 25 000 грн
SolidBrain. Львів.
Інтернет-маркетолог, веб-аналітик
Жжук. Львів.
Інтернет-маркетолог
Вухо.Ком. Львів.
Інтернет-маркетолог, 15 000 грн
Твій Дім і Сад плюс. Львів.
Інтернет-маркетолог, 10 000 – 20 000 грн
Top advertising. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
CRM-менеджер
Інтернет-маркетолог
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста з маркетингу у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3859691
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor