Вакансія: PPC specialist, компанія Adavice, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
PPC-спеціаліст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
PPC specialist
Adavice
Маркетинг, реклама, PR;
10–50 співробітників
Харків
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
International IT Media Company, is looking for a PPC Specialist to join our Kharkiv office.You are young and free and looking for a job that would open your bright future? You came to the right place!What is Adavice • Adavice is a marketing agency that offers a 1 stop shop for Advertisers to help promote their services exceed their goals. Adavice is run and managed by a group of ambitious and young online advertising specialists. We are looking for liked minded people that share our vision.Responsibilities:
Establish developing new PPC channels and leveraging that knowledge to guide our Sales Team in closing relevant deals.
Create and maintain testing plan across all campaigns including copy, bidding and landing page.
Manage PPC campaigns and channels, such as: account structure, keyword expansion, ad-copy optimization, performance analyses, landing page optimization, bid management, spend allocation (desktop vs mobile, search engine and countries).
Develop and maintain monthly media plan across all campaigns.
Leverage analytics tools to optimize the performance of marketing campaigns.
Requirements:
2+ years of PPC experience
Experience with Google Analytics, tests, ability to present analysis results
Facebook Ads, Bing or Twitter experience will be an advantage
Team player and easy going
Responsible and attentive to details
Ability to work according to a specific deadline
Written and spoken English — Upper-intermediate level
We offer:
Competitive Compensation with lots of room for personal growth
Working with foreign market
Interesting projects, individual career path, opportunities for self-realization
Social package and benefits (paid vacation, paid sick leave, pregnancy policy)
Corporate and team events
Working hours: 9:30 — 18:30
Office in the downtown with a cozy atmosphere that creates good working conditions
Waiting for your CV: [відгукнутися]
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Интернет-маркетолог, 11 000 – 14 000 грн
Мамин Дом. Харків.
App (House) Traffic Manager
Bini Bambini. Харків.
Интернет-маркетолог
Smart Solutions. Харків.
Таргетолог, Traffic manager, 10 000 грн
Generation Traffic One. Харків.
PPC Specialist, 14 000 – 19 600 грн
Productech. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Інтернет-маркетолог
PPC-спеціаліст
Адміністратор сайта
Адміністратор інтернет-магазину
PPC specialist
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата PPC-спеціаліста у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3851658
Гарячі вакансії
Оператор call-центра (соц. опросы по телефону) в Киев.
4 000 – 8 000 грн.*
CCIG Ukraine. Харків.
Менеджер по продажам (IT-оборудование).
15 000 – 45 000 грн.*
Indistry. Харків.
Тренінги по темі «PPC specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor