Вакансія: Magento Backend Developer, компанія Magecom, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Backend розробник
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Magento Backend Developer
Magecom
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Харків, Театральний провулок, 11-13.
0,5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, дистанційна робота.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Our mission is to provide business with the best solutions for e-commerce. All our customers are international and we have projects of outsourcing, outstaffing and internal development. We take our work responsibly and pay great attention to the quality of our code, so we use different code quality tools, training programs, code review and cherry on top — we have a clear system of seniority level growth.Magecom company is looking for a professional Magento Backend Developer to join our team. Let’s try to develop together!Requirements:
2+ years of Magento 2.x.x backend development experience;
Understanding of Magento platform business processes;
Good knowledge and experience in creating PHP based applications;
Good knowledge of OOP: design patterns, SOLID and KISS, best practices of application architecture;
Proficient experience with VCS: git and Git workflow;
Good knowledge and experience in SQL, MySQL;
Experience with Unix based systems;
English — Intermediate and higher.
Responsibilities:
Implementation and delivery of high-quality Magento based solutions;
Building and providing integrations and business solutions from scratch;
Maintain and extend existed project functionality;
Provide professional expertise for the business;
Communication with the clients;
Contribution to the company internal projects.
Nice to have:
Magento 1.x.x development experience;
Basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript;
Experience with Docker technology;
Experience with using Magento Cloud or other cloud technologies;
Magento Certifications;
Participation in Magento Contribution.
We offer:
Team that really rocks;
Cooperate with professional and high skilled team developers and managers;
Competitive compensation depending on skills and experience level;
Professional growth and career development;
Flexible working hours and flexible approach to work;
Paid vacation and sick days, national holidays;
Partial compensation for your English lessons,
Compensations of yoga, table-tennis football;
Corporate events and parties;
Certifications, professional trainings, and educational advancement opportunities at the company’s expense;
Clear and human oriented bonus system for internal activities, such as participation as a speaker in technical conferences, internal workshops and presentations;
Work from home opportunity.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Junior/Trainee backend developer (with mentoring)
Faifly. Харків.
Back-End Developer (PHP, Laravel) в Краматорск
Кварт-Софт. Харків.
Back-end developer (Node.js), 60 000 – 100 000 грн
API Nation. Харків.
Back-end разработчик
Master Service. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Front-end програміст
Front-end developer
Front-end розробник
Back end програміст
Back end developer
Front-end engineer
Magento developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата backend розробника в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3709881
Тренінги по темі «Magento developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor