Вакансія: Java Back-End Engineer, компанія Mediastream company, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Java engineer
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Java Back-End Engineer
От 2300$ в месяц
Mediastream company
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Паторжинського, 6.
0,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Media Stream AG is a Liechtenstein-based software development company dedicated in software solutions for Gaming and Betting industry. We are growing fast and now our company has headquarter in the Lichtenstein, offices in Barcelona, Malta and Kyiv.Our client is the biggest independent virtual sports provider within the globe. The platform provides virtual sports games like Football, Tennis, Basketball, Races, and Lotteries. Our team in Kyiv has developed the system from scratch and it is still actively growing.It’s a challenging High-Load ongoing project, currently we are generating 1 million tickets per day and operating in the US, Spain, Italy, Austria, Hong-Kong, Brasil, Nigeria, Colombia.We use Agile Development, 2 weeks sprints, Jira / Confluence for project flow.Requirements:● Proficiency in Java working experience of at least 2 years● Good knowledge of Spring, Hibernate, RDBMS (MySQL), Maven, REST● Familiarity with HTML5, CSS, JavaScript● Master/Bachelor Degree in Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, and adjacentareas. Strong mathematical basis (probability theory, statistics, combinatorics) is anadvantage.● Intermediate or higher spoken and written English for daily communication with theinternational team● Solid foundation in Computer Science (algorithms, data structures, design patterns,etc.)Position: Java Back-End EngineerLocation: KyivProject Technology Stack:● Java 8 / Spring Boot / Hibernate / React.JS / GWTProject Technology Stack:
Java 8 / Spring Boot / Hibernate / React.JS / GWT
Responsibilities:● Develop robust supportable code of backend● Develop the mathematical core of the platform● Developing test and code-reviewWhat we offer:
This is a full-time and long-term assignment
Opportunity to work over huge international projects with talented colleagues
Regular performance-based compensation reviews
24-day paid vacation, medical insurance, paid sick-leaves
50% compensation for relevant conference and courses for your professional growth
English classes provided by native speakers
Business trips to Liechtenstein
Team buildings and corporate events
Fruits, cakes/biscuits, tea/coffee
And much more!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior Backend Developer
Squro. Київ.
PHP developer (back-end)
Хостинг Украина. Київ.
PHP Backend-разработчик, 37 000 – 50 000 грн
4Service. Київ.
Junior PHP Developer (backend), 20 000 грн
Semalt. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Back end програміст
Програміст PHP
Python-програміст
Python developer
PHP developer
Back end engineer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата Java engineer у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3842607
Гарячі вакансії
Java Developer.
Micro Focus. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Back end engineer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor