Вакансія: Junior/Middle Back-end Developer (Node.js), 25 000 – 50 000 грн, компанія Niko Technologies OU, робота у Миколаєві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Миколаєві
Back end програміст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 25 лютого 2020
Junior/Middle Back-end Developer (Node.js)
25 000 – 50 000 грн · По результатам собеседования
Niko Technologies OU
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Миколаїв, вулиця Погранична.
1,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Svetlana Dorozhynska ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
We invite you to become a full-on part of the IT company that aims to get to the top of blockchain technologies. Join our pro team to implement innovative projects and contribute to further FinTech development.Your reasons to join us:
The best working spot in Mykolaiv
Friendly atmosphere, corporate events
Flexible working hours
Opportunities to improve your skills in a friendly team
Official holiday leaves, two rest days per week and paid sick leaves
High salary and good career prospects
Rewarding tasks every day
Skills we need:
1+ years of experience in software development (Node.js + TypeScript).
Knowledge of software development fundamentals, data structures, design patterns etc.
Knowledge of major Node. js modules — async, lodash, nodemon, etc.
Experience with using Node. js debugging, profiling and performance measuring tools.
Experience with express, nest js etc.
Experience with build tools, code coverage and testing frameworks — Mocha, Gulp, web pack etc.
Knowledge of building RESTful web services.
Experience with Docker.
Will be a plus:
Intermediate English
Your responsibilities:
Application development.
Highly-modular object-oriented code creation.
Creating new features within service/microservices architecture.
Build quality code adhering to industry standard coding practices.
Creating technical documentation.
Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders.
Be in a fast-paced continual learning environment, which requires the ability to quickly adapt and learn new technologies to solve business issues.
About the ProjectNiko Technologies is a developer of blockchain-based FinTech solutions. The products are approved and licensed to operate in the EU market. Our goal is to simplify global payments by providing businesses and individuals with highly-specialized payment processing tools.Join our team today! Email your CV at [відгукнутися]
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior Back-end Developer (Python), 40 000 – 130 000 грн
WOgroupe. Миколаїв.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Миколаєві
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Back end developer
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Миколаєві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата back end програміста в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3023974
Тренінги по темі «Back end developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor