Вакансія: Middle+/Senior Backend Developer, компанія Smartwork solutions GmbH, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Backend розробник
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 25 лютого 2020
Middle+/Senior Backend Developer
Smartwork solutions GmbH
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Воздвиженська, 45.
1,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Необходимые навыки• Python• RESTful APIs• Bottle, Flask, Django etc.• MongoDB, *SQL, etc.• Redis• Socket IO• Git• Good English, written and spokenБудет плюсом• Linux (Installation & Maintainance)• Docker• Experience with TDD and Agile methodologiesПредлагаемSalary according to the level of your skills and experience.Cozy light office.Convenient location in the Center of the city. Easy to reach, many tasty places to visit during lunch.Independent work environment, flexible schedule.A lot of creative and organizational freedom, letting you develop and cultivate your talents and skills.An experienced, open-minded team that has already successfully built up several companies from scratch.A real challenge rarely found in the day-to-day business of agencies and large corporations.We provide a working Apple MacBook for work.Обязанности• Design and develop new system components as a part of the backend team• Develop and maintain existing backend components• Design and implement RESTful/Websockets APIs with Python 3.5 and MongoDB• Work together with our development team on-site and remoteО проектеWho we are:We are the SMASHFOLKs that develop the SMASHDOCs. Pun intended.Being a part of SMASHFOLKs means working side by side with your team members, your boss and also your CEO. There is absolutely no hierarchy in the traditional sense. Every person is highly appreciated. You will always catch yourself on feeling that you do something GREAT and you MATTER (especially if you master the science of our inside jokes).
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior Backend Developer
Squro. Київ.
Senior PHP Back End Developer
Osiris Unlimited. Київ.
Middle .Net Developer (C#, Back End)
IT Specialist, LLC. Київ.
Middle PHP Back End Developer
Osiris Unlimited. Київ.
Middle Backend Developer (Symfony/Laravel)
Wallet Factory. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Backend developer
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата backend розробника у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3836340
Гарячі вакансії
Senior Back-End Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Middle/Strong Middle Back-End web Developer.
26 000 – 65 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Backend developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor