Вакансія: Back-End Web Developer, компанія БIIP Україна, робота в Одесі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
в Одесі
Web-програміст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Back-End Web Developer
БIIP Україна
· VIP
Енергетика;
50–250 співробітників
Одеса, провулок Віце-Адмірала Жукова, 21/23.
0,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Марина ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We are looking for a Back-End Web Developer responsible for managing the interchange of data between the server and the users. Your primary focus will be development of all server-side logic, definition and maintenance of the central database, and ensuring high performance and responsiveness to requests from the front-end. You will also be responsible for integrating the front-end elements built by your coworkers into the application. A basic understanding of front-end technologies is therefore necessary as well.Responsibilities
Integration of user-facing elements developed by a front-end developers with server side logic
Building reusable code and libraries for future use
Optimization of the application for maximum speed and scalability
Implementation of security and data protection
Design and implementation of data storage solutions
Skills And Qualifications
Basic understanding of front-end technologies and platforms, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3
Integration of multiple data sources and databases into one system
Data migration, transformation, and scripting
Setup and administration of backups
Outputting data in different formats
Azure cloud services
Understanding relational data modelling
Experience in IOT data collection and Data Warehouse Solutions
We offer you a job with excellent opportunities for cross-disciplinary and personal development. Your daily work will span across several engineering disciplines and have full support from our team consisting of highly skilled engineers enabling you to provide the best solutions for the business units. In the position, you will have a broad interface to many different stakeholders in the entire organization. The work environment is result orientated, at high professional level and with a strong technical commitment.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle Back-end Developer (PHP)
Autodoc. Одеса.
JavaScript developer (Backend)
Hyperstardev. Одеса.
Java Back-end Developer
Оссистем. Одеса.
Senior Back-end Developer (PHP)
Autodoc. Одеса.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади в Одесі
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Back end developer
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота в Одесі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата web-програміста в Одесі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3492293
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor