Вакансія: Middle/Strong Middle Back-End web Developer, 26 000 – 65 000 грн, компанія Headway, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Web-програміст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Гаряча вакансія
Middle/Strong Middle Back-End web Developer
26 000 – 65 000 грн · По итогам собеседование.
Headway
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ
Мария Голицына ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
HEADWAY Company is a branch of the holding group and is working on its own cool project.We are a product IT-company designing our own product from the main business. We are experts in the field we’ve been working in for more than six years! With us, you’ll get an interesting intensive project with challenges and high work load, which will help you develop your skills and never let you get bored! We choose our candidates very thoroughly so that you will be surrounded by strong, intelligent and creative professionals. You will always stay focused on your tasks without minding others' business. Your opinion and decisions will be of a real value to the company. If challenges, difficult tasks and career growth opportunities are what you are looking for, learn more about our vacancy and send us your CV!Currently we are looking for Middle/Strong Middle Back-End Web Developer to manage our projects and provide the development of a new online services.A few words about the project:• the market we approach is constantly growing, so for the next 10−20 years the professionals will be in demand• the challenging project with the dozens of thousands of unique visitors a day, about 100 million actions, and a huge database• the tech task is done• we’re not a startup, we’re the best on the market• this project will be the basis for the development of independent IT companies in the future, where you’ll be able to play a key role.Requirements:— 2+ years PHP experience — PHP 5.6, PHP 7.x— Experience in work with REST API (json, xml)— Design Patterns such as: OOP, MVC, SOLID, DRY, KISS is advantage— PHP-framework — Laravel, CodeIgniter — MySQL— HTML, CSS, JavaScript (jQuery, React.js, Node.js, Vue.js) is advantage— the team creation and supervising successful experience will be a great plus— good English level— good communication and presentation skills is advantageWe offer:— competitive salary between $1000-$2500— оur project is an interesting, complex and uncommon with innovation and challenges!— it is you who will receive a salary much higher than the market salary after MVP— also, you will work in the adequate company, where your knowledge and skills will be appreciated objectively, and your opinion will be listened to— fixed salary and compensation system. All the details will be discussed during the interview. As the project develops, you will get a salary above the market offer.— you'll work in our modern and comfortable office based in Kyiv (the metro is nearby) with all modern features— official employment and wage supplements— the vacation is also discussed during the interview— permanent training and tuition at the Company’s expense. We understand that every day is a chance to rise up the professional level — dazzling team-building events, just like in American moviesResponsibilities:— development of like-minded team— the choice of the best technologies to implement the required functionality— training and employees orientation support— code standards development and implementation— detailed documentation— the customer and the outsource companies interaction— control of teamwork and goals setting— code review, refactoringAre you ready to take responsibility for the development and implementation of a cool product? To open up a global level? To have your team and work with fair wage? Just send your CV or contact us!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle .Net Developer (C#, Back End)
IT Specialist, LLC. Київ.
Middle PHP Back End Developer
Osiris Unlimited. Київ.
Web developer (middle, senior)
Toysi. Київ.
Middle Backend Developer (Symfony/Laravel)
Wallet Factory. Київ.
Java Back-End Engineer
Mediastream company. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Back end developer
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата web-програміста у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3809637
Гарячі вакансії
Senior Front-End Web Developer (React.JS).
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Senior Full Stack Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Senior Back-End Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor