Вакансія: Junior Backend Developer (NodeJS, TypeScript), 10 000 – 20 000 грн, компанія Newsoft, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Backend розробник
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Відгук без резюме
Вакансія від 15 березня 2020
Junior Backend Developer (NodeJS, TypeScript)
10 000 – 20 000 грн
Newsoft
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Зелена, 109.
2,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Опис вакансії
Who we are looking:Looking for a reliable Backend (NodeJS + TypeScript) developer to join our team. You should be the sort of developer who will want to solve the problem and help find the solution. Also if you don’t know how to do something, then have the motivation to find out, think about the problem, use google, ask your colleagues. We’re all in this together :)All work will be well structured with tasks defined in tickets (Jira) with all needed details. You will have a senior-level mentor to help you develop and grow. There will be plenty of opportunities to suggest improvements to code.Who we are:We are a software development company located in Lviv, Ukraine. Our main purposes are to create value and Win-Win cooperation.Our services:✔ Android app development✔ iOS app development✔ Web development✔ UI/UX design✔ Quality testingResponsibilities:
Build backend side for the social network/sport application
Develop high quality, testable and performant application
Drive best technology and software development practices into the team with passion and enthusiasm
Requirements:
0.5+ years of experience in backend development
Experience in development using NodeJS and TypeScript
Client/server programming using sockets
HTTP/REST
SQL
Hands-on experience with version control systems
Intermediate + English level
Nice-to-Have Skills:
Excellent communication skills, we are looking for a team player!
Experience with Scrum
Experience with CI/CD processes
Unit testing
We offer:
Senior-level mentor
Challenging tasks and projects
Flexible working hours
A competitive salary
The best hardware
Regular office fruit delivery and other benefits
Let’s create the value together!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Junior Strong Backend Developer (NodeJS, TypeScript)
Newsoft. Львів.
Middle/Senior backend developer (Node.js)
Indeema Software Inc.. Львів.
Junior PHP Back-End Engineer
Resultify. Львів.
Senior Back-End Engineer (Educational Chatbot)
DataArt. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Backend developer
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата backend розробника в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3855363
Тренінги по темі «Backend developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor