Вакансія: Backend engineer (Go, Golang), 27 000 – 80 000 грн, компанія MadAppGang, робота у Кременчуці — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Кременчуці
Backend engineer
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Backend engineer (Go, Golang)
27 000 – 80 000 грн · *Все зависит от Вас!
MadAppGang
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Кременчук
Tania ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Опис вакансії
About MapAppGang:MadAppGang is a team of tech experts specializing in mobile technologies. We develop applications for iOS, Android, WatchOS, MacOS, tvOS, Android Wear, wearables, and provide IoT system integration services. We work with established businesses and startups who are seeking to innovate and improve customer experience.Our mission is to transform the businesses using top-notch technology available. We are trying to be better all the time, improving our skills, tools and environment.Role:Join our developer team to work on internal and external projects generating exceptional code quality within a microservices architecture. For every issue, you will work closely with the team to produce a solution you will be in charge of: You will have to be comfortable working on the full delivery, from design to testing and deployment.Besides, your knowledge of CI/CD will be highly regarded, along with automation principles.Mentorship, partnership, empowerment, ownership and challenges should be motivating and inspiring words to you.Required skills:
Advanced knowledge of Golang
Web experience and general knowledge of the whole stack
testing methodologies and theories
Experience in automation
Experience in CI/CD
Great attitude and proven team-spirit
Fitting mindset
understanding base Agile (Kanban, Scrum) methodology
English language proficiency
Desirable skills and experiences include:
Other languages like NodeJS, RoR
Frontend development is a plus (ReactJS, Vue)
Docker and K8s.
Working with AWS is a big plus
API testing, integration testing
Performance and stress testing
Open-source contribution
We offer:
Our office is fully equipped and located in Kremenchuk.
We provide laptop and all necessary equipment (iPhone, iPad, Android devices, etc …) to our developers.
Working hours are flexible, and there is the ability to work remotely after gaining the required experience.
You get free English lessons with a qualified IT English teacher and native speaker.
We compensate 70% of the cost of the subscription to the gym (or another type of sports activity).
We compensate 30% if you decided to buy your own personal equipment for work. It’s not required though. By default, we will provide you with everything you need.
The webinars, courses and conferences for your professional development are fully compensated.
24 paid holidays a year
Cookies, fruit, coffee, tea and a lot of milk is available every day!
the fantastic team of professionals, that will make your work enjoyable and your work valuable
If you are experienced backend developer with some other stack (NodeJS, RoR, Java) and you are open-minded to learn Go — we are happy to see you in our team as well.If you are not aligned with the requirements, we are looking for trainees as well.There are only two requirements for learners:
a strong desire to learn to get the knowledge and skills
to be able to self-organise your working/learning environment
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі посади у Кременчуці
Back end програміст
Backend engineer
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Кременчуці
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата backend engineer в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3249816
Тренінги по темі «Backend engineer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor