Вакансія: Content Manager, компанія GBKSoft, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Контент-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Content Manager
GBKSoft
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Нововокзальна.
2,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
If you’re passionate about tech advancements, software, and fancy geek things we invite you to join our team!Our biggest investment is in our people and we’re ready to take a chance on a candidate that is eager to grow beyond his current skill set. This is a great opportunity for you to acquire missing knowledge and top up old one in order to move forward to the new professional heights. More importantly, we need someone who has analytical but creative thinking and ability to think beyond existing technological landscape. Someone who wants to leave behind inspiring projects and can inspire others.Check out the works of our team: https://gbksoft.com/blogWHAT YOU DEFINITELY NEED TO HAVE:
Knowledge and experience in:
Online journalism, SMM-manager or Copywriter for over 2 years.
English (written) level: Advanced and higher
Portfolio that includes English-language articles.
RESPECT AND GLORY IF YOU ALSO HAVE:
Experience with CMS admin panel.
Promotion in Youtube.
Ability to work with statistics.
Basic design programs.
Basic SEO.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
Writing IT articles and pr-releases, emails, site pages, posts to social networks in English.
Copywriting.
Promotion in social networks.
SMM marketing
content planning for Facebook,Twitter, instagram,linkedin,Blog.
Writing selling texts.
Ad text.
WE OFFER:
Various projects, which gives you a lot of new experience.
Share and receive knowledge while collaborating closely with experienced teams of designers and developers.
A cozy office, football, corporate events.
Competitive salary.
If you are interested — please send us your CV and salary expectations!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Контент-менеджер со знанием английского, немецкого, французского, 10 000 – 12 500 грн
BauMitSelect. Київ.
Контент-менеджер, 12 000 грн
Уотер Март. Київ.
Контент-менеджер у Львів, 10 000 – 15 000 грн
Леонідова, ФОП. Київ.
Старший контент-менеджер
YouControl. Київ.
Копирайтер, контент-менеджер в интернет-магазин, 8 500 грн
Альянс-СВ, ПП (интернет-магазин). Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Контент-менеджер
Content manager
SMM-менеджер
Таргетолог
Блогер
SMM-спеціаліст
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
ЗМІ, видавництво, поліграфія
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата контент-менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3843641
Гарячі вакансії
Керівник проектів та програм відділу впровадження банківських систем (АБС Б2).
Forward Bank. Київ.
Системный администратор.
Мир Инструмента Украина. Київ.
Фахівець з внутрішніх комунікацій.
Фора, ТОВ. Київ.
Developer (ASP.NET MVC, SQL, C#).
BEEPER. Київ.
Java Developer.
Micro Focus. Київ.
Customer Care Expert (English).
WIX. Київ.
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Тестировщик 1С.
ВиЯр. Київ.
Market Research Analyst.
Київстар. Київ.
Content QC, text quality controller, editor.
Master Call LLC. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Content manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor