Вакансія: Content Specialist, компанія ProgService, IT-компания, робота у Запоріжжі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Запоріжжі
Контент-спеціаліст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Content Specialist
ProgService, IT-компания
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Запоріжжя, проспект Соборний, 160.
0,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
ProgService LLC is looking for a skilled Content Specialist to join our office in Zaporizhia.We are looking for a motivated, energetic, self-starter to join our team. We provide comprehensive, hands-on training.We are seeking people who value teamwork but enjoys exceeding individual expectations.The ideal candidate possesses a passion for writing and an innovative ability to create successful marketing campaigns and aid in creating company growth. You will be responsible for generating exciting and compelling stories on both digital and print sources of media.About us:ProgService LLC is international product company. Our mission is to develop world class technologies for Online Advertising and Big Data processing markets. Unlike our competition, the key reason to our success is the fact that we develop all of our Java based code from scratch. Our systems are developed around handling massive amounts of Ad serving and large data volumes with the highest level of optimization. Our team consists of highly motivated professionals in the the Computer Science, Online Advertising and Data Analytics space. With a global reach, we have established long-term partnerships with customers across the world, helping them grow and expand their business and cater to their every needs.Responsibilities:Content Writer responsibilities include conducting thorough research on industry-related topics, generating ideas for new content types and proofreading articles.Researching industry-related topics (combining online sources, interviews and studies)
Writing clear marketing copy to promote our products/services
Preparing well-structured drafts using Content Management Systems
Coordinate with marketing and design teams to illustrate articles
Conduct simple keyword research and use SEO guidelines to increase web traffic
Promote content on social media
Identify customers' needs and gaps in our content and recommend new topics
Ensure all-around consistency (style, fonts, images and tone)
Update website content as needed
Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Marketing and relevant work experience
Upper Intermediate English level (both written and spoken)
Experience of building marketing programs and reporting on the results
Exposure to digital and direct response marketing
Competence as a creative writer with an eye for great emails and landing pages
Strong project management skills
Strong problem-solving ability, including metrics-driven thinking
Experience in full life cycle project management
Proficiency in major digital and print platforms
Benefits:
Sufficient social package including health insurance, paid sick pay.
Decent level of wages, bonus wage pay according to the results of the year in the amount of the average salary.
Working hours Mon — Fri from 11:00 to 20:00; five-day work week; vacation — 21 days.
Clean, bright and modern office. Comfortable working place.
Friendly team building.
Free snacks and drinks within office.
Pay for gym membership.
To apply, please email your resume to [відгукнутися], or call
Показати телефон(Andrey Leonidovitch)
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Контент-менеджер (вычитка текстов, наполнение сайтов)
Netrocket, агентство интернет-маркетинга. Запоріжжя.
Content Manager
GBKSoft. Запоріжжя.
Контент-менеджер (IoT), 7 500 – 15 000 грн
ГрінХаб, ТОВ. Запоріжжя.
Контент-менеджер, 8 000 грн
Best Buy Case. Запоріжжя.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Запоріжжі
Контент-менеджер
Content manager
SMM-менеджер
Таргетолог
Блогер
SMM-спеціаліст
Content specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
ЗМІ, видавництво, поліграфія
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Запоріжжі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата контент-спеціаліста у Запоріжжі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3835382
Тренінги по темі «Content specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor