Вакансія: English translator, editor, content writer, 20 000 грн, компанія Livingston Research Group, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Перекладач англійської
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
English translator, editor, content writer
20 000 грн · $600-1500
Livingston Research Group
Освіта, наука;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Дистанційна робота, готові взяти студента.
Незакінчена вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Livingston Research delivers help and support to customers around the world since 2009.We strive to help students facilitate learning and improve their performance through leading-edge technology, services, and data capabilities.We build, launch and promote products and services to empower students in countries likeUS, Australia, UK and many other.Now we are looking for smart and creative content writers to join our team.Position involves researching and writing original texts on various topics in English. Depending on the area of interest, you can specialize in book reports, article/movie reviews, and analytical reports in various spheres.REQUIREMENTS:
Fluent English
3rd year of Bachelor program or higher
Ability to work at least 10 hours per week or more
BENEFITS:
Competitive compensation with performance-based bonuses in USD;
Flexible schedule. You decide when and where you’d like to work!
No bossing around;
You are the boss, you choose the projects you’d like to work on;
Ability to combine this job with your current errands;
Expert help 24/7 with order-related questions;
Personal success manager, who will gladly assist you with non-order related questions.
HOW TO APPLY?Please DO NOT send your CV/Resume here, it will not be considered!In order to APPLY for the position and join our freelance family, you are to:
Go to https://bit.ly/2PPFWm7
Fill in your account data;
Go through a timed English test and show off your ability to produce great content!
Once you successfully pass these short tests, our Recruiting Team Member will get in touch with you within the next 3−4 business days. If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us at [відгукнутися]
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Content Writer
CommPeak Ltd. Київ.
Content Editor
Global Marketing Group. Київ.
Technical Content Writer
Lindenvalley GmbH. Київ.
IT content writer, 40 000 – 53 000 грн
Globrecs, Global Recruitment Solutions. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Перекладач англійської
English translator
English interpreter
Перекладач у шлюбну агенцію
Вакансії в категоріях
Освіта, наука
Секретаріат, діловодство, АГВ
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата перекладача англійської у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/951042
Гарячі вакансії
Переводчик английского языка в брачное агентство.
15 000 – 30 000 грн.*
ElSharm. Київ.
Переводчик английского языка в брачное агентство.
12 000 – 38 000 грн.
LGM. Київ.
Content QC, text quality controller, editor.
Master Call LLC. Київ.
Переводчик английского языка в брачное агентство.
15 000 – 28 000 грн.
Celebrity. Київ.
Переводчик, редактор немецкого языка.
Профпереклад, переводческая компания. Київ.
Переводчик английского языка в брачное агентство.
16 000 – 25 000 грн.
Syndicate. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «English translator»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor