Вакансія: Content manager, Team Leader, компанія Dewzilla, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Контент-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 12 березня 2020
Content manager, Team Leader
Dewzilla
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ
Diana ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
DEWZILLA is an international company, which develops custom web-sites and provides full marketing support, now is looking for an experienced content manager to work in English!What will you do?
Serve as a liaison with the copywriter and other team members: SEO specialists, the head of SEO and sometimes developers;
Improve the content operational efficiency and consistency throughout different languages;
Make a weekly content schedule for the team members, define the task description and provide support in order for the deadlines to be met;
Read and review the texts submitted by the content writers to ensure their effectiveness;
Lay down areas of content improvements and work with the copywriters to help their stories succeed;
Check and approve the newly created pages that have to be published on the website on a weekly basis;
Make plans for re-purposing and re-writing old content coordinate with the team for the changes that have to be applied;
Organize the various translations that are requested by different teams inside the company;
Contribute to the efforts of content creation, whenever needed;
Occasionally write a different piece of texts about the company’s services;
Drive new content ideas that have the potential to increase the traffic on the website and increase the conversion rate;
Occasionally deliver a workshop to the team.
What background are we looking for and would make your induction easier?
Impeccable grammar spelling in English and flawless writing skills; an additional language supported on our website is a big plus.
Impeccable grammar spelling (preferably native) in a language other than English, Russian or Ukrainian;
Knows how to conduct thorough keyword research in a given language and identify gaps;
Has experience with different CMS systems, SEO tools, and Analytics instruments;
Owns the KPIs and knows how to tweak the content to meet them;
A good understanding of the best practices for formatting articles for the web;
An eagle eye when it comes to spotting mistakes and strong attention to details;
Ability to work in a team with a diverse background and ensure that deadlines are met;
An assiduous self-learner, having a positive and pro-active attitude.
What does it mean to build your career with us?
Freedom to be creative, expose and implement your best ideas — failure doesn’t scare us, stagnation does!
Young and open-minded leadership — we are perfecting by doing and learning every day so we are ready to learn from you and take your opinions into account;
Colleagues from different corners of the world and walks of life. What better place to practice your language skills and develop your adaptability if not in an intercultural environment?
Please send us your CV or contact me on telegram
Показати телефон.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Контент-менеджер со знанием английского, немецкого, французского, 10 000 – 12 500 грн
BauMitSelect. Київ.
Контент-менеджер, 12 000 грн
Уотер Март. Київ.
PHP Team Lead
Logic Media. Київ.
Контент-менеджер у Львів, 10 000 – 15 000 грн
Леонідова, ФОП. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Контент-менеджер
Content manager
SMM-менеджер
Таргетолог
Блогер
SMM-спеціаліст
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
ЗМІ, видавництво, поліграфія
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата контент-менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3853220
Тренінги по темі «Content manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor