Вакансія: Content manager, компанія Zeeks, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Контент-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Content manager
Zeeks
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ
Алина ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Do you feel passionate about English? Do you enjoy working with a big amount of information and the content? It’s your chance to join our young, ambitious and active team.We work on creating and promoting our informative websites on gaming all over the world. Our products are successful in lots of world markets like the USA, Canada, Japan, Norway, Germany, Brazil, and many others.We are now looking for an experienced Content Manager with an excellent level of English and a basic understanding of SEO principles.Your skills and knowledge:
English on the Upper-Intermediate or Advanced level
basic knowledge of WordPress
any HTML experience
basic knowledge of SEO (maybe you can create a link or make a heading to the text)
keyword research
strong skills in using Google Drive documents
responsible and attentive to the details
Good to have (but not mandatory):
TOEFL or IELTS certificate (or any other certificate proving your English level)
any experience in working with social media platforms (Facebook, Twitter, etc.)
Ahrefs experience
Your working day will look like:
close cooperation with copywriters (look for the copywriters for different types of content, manage their work by writing technical enquiries, proofreading, etc.)
create and implement a content strategy
set up a plan to get into Google Knowledge Graph and Featured Snippets
work with inner linking
SEO-optimisation of the content
write unique meta tags
make research on new content platforms
What we will give you in return:
reliable finance compensation with the ability of a review according to your successful work
full access to our marketing instruments
team of talented and experienced people where you can grow and develop
new and cozy office in Pechersk district
free parking near the office
yourday planning (flexible schedule and opportunity to work from home)
24 days paid vacation, paid sick leave and birthday day off
monthly sport compensation
rest and study together: team buildings, seminars, opportunity to study for the company expenses
corporate library
English classes at the office
game room with a pull-up dip station, table tennis, foosball and of course PlayStation
massage at the office
corporate parties twice a year in Ukraine and abroad
cheerful Friday evenings
Sounds cool, right? Don’t hesitate and become a part of Zeeks family. We are looking forward to your CV and portfolio or examples of the works you are proud of.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Контент-менеджер со знанием английского, немецкого, французского, 10 000 – 12 500 грн
BauMitSelect. Київ.
Контент-менеджер, 12 000 грн
Уотер Март. Київ.
Контент-менеджер у Львів, 10 000 – 15 000 грн
Леонідова, ФОП. Київ.
Старший контент-менеджер
YouControl. Київ.
Копирайтер, контент-менеджер в интернет-магазин, 8 500 грн
Альянс-СВ, ПП (интернет-магазин). Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Контент-менеджер
Content manager
SMM-менеджер
Таргетолог
Блогер
SMM-спеціаліст
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
ЗМІ, видавництво, поліграфія
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата контент-менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3839669
Гарячі вакансії
Customer support representative.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
2D Character Artist.
Voki Games. Київ.
Senior Full Stack Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Java Developer.
Micro Focus. Київ.
Business process development manager.
Vega, телекоммуникационная группа. Київ.
Менеджер проектов в благотворительный фонд.
63 000 грн.*
Правэкс, ООО. Київ.
Програміст 1С.
Хлібні інвестиції. Київ.
Senior Video Software Engineer (С++).
Codeminders. Київ.
Developer (ASP.NET MVC, SQL, C#).
BEEPER. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Content manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor