Вакансія: Content manager, компанія EvoPlay, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Контент-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Content manager
EvoPlay
· VIP
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
We are looking for enthusiastic people that enjoy creative writing based on its website content. Our team is made of dedicated and passionate specialists that ensure high quality content on daily basis. If you are looking for an environment where you can generate ideas and be part of successful and growing business, you are in the right place.SCOPE OF THE JOB:In this role, you will need to develop a variety of content in English language (reviews, articles, blogs, emails, etc.) for the multiple websites managed by the company. Also, your focus will be to collaborate with fellow content team members and other teams (e.g. Development, SEO, Product) to find innovative ways to create and improve content for multiple websites managed by the company.YOUR CHALLENGE:Researching and publishing a variety of engaging, language-specific content for multiple websites, in line with SEO, usability and accessibility best practices.Ordering and checking content from remote writers and proofreaders.Ensuring all content tasks and requests are completed in a professional and timely manner and to a high-quality standard.Collaborating and regularly communicating with fellow content team members and other teams to ensure we are all working together to achieve common goals.Proactively identifying website issues and/or potential improvements and raising these with relevant stakeholders.Other web content-related duties as required.TO DO IT YOU WILL NEED:Excellent communication skills and the ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.Self-motivation skills and the ability to work in an efficient, mature and professional manner, while taking pride in delivering high-quality content.Great time-management skills and the ability to meet deadlines and prioritise multiple tasks.A keen eye for detail and the ability to easily proofread and spot any errors.Strong creative skills and the initiative to come up with fresh ideas to improve content and to think outside the box.Degree in Communication, Journalism, or a related discipline.Minimum of one year’s professional experience in writing and publishing Search Engine Optimised online content using Content Management Systems.Proficiency level in the English language.Experience in I-gaming industry will be as plus.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Контент-менеджер со знанием английского, немецкого, французского, 10 000 – 12 500 грн
BauMitSelect. Київ.
Контент-менеджер, 12 000 грн
Уотер Март. Київ.
Контент-менеджер у Львів, 10 000 – 15 000 грн
Леонідова, ФОП. Київ.
Старший контент-менеджер
YouControl. Київ.
Копирайтер, контент-менеджер в интернет-магазин, 8 500 грн
Альянс-СВ, ПП (интернет-магазин). Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Контент-менеджер
Content manager
SMM-менеджер
Таргетолог
Блогер
SMM-спеціаліст
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
ЗМІ, видавництво, поліграфія
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата контент-менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3730030
Гарячі вакансії
Системный администратор.
Мир Инструмента Украина. Київ.
Системный администратор облачных сервисов.
28 000 – 32 000 грн.
De Novo. Київ.
Тестировщик 1С.
ВиЯр. Київ.
Senior Front-End Web Developer (React.JS).
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Customer Support Consultant (fluent Spanish and English).
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Фахівець з внутрішніх комунікацій.
Фора, ТОВ. Київ.
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Web-программист.
20 000 грн.*
Коротень А. М., ФЛП. Київ.
Програміст 1С.
Хлібні інвестиції. Київ.
Customer Care Expert (English).
WIX. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor