Вакансія: Контент-менеджер, junior SEO assistant, 8 700 грн, компанія WeddingForward, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Контент-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 11 березня 2020
Контент-менеджер, junior SEO assistant
8 700 грн
WeddingForward
ЗМІ, поліграфія;
10–50 співробітників
Харків
Повна зайнятість, дистанційна робота, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
Wedding Forward is an international project, wedding blog that has been dynamically developing since 2012 (http://www.weddingforward.com — 1,200,000 visitors per month). We create content that helps brides around the world plan their dream wedding, find useful and original ideas, inspiration and reach out to real wedding contractors.Responsibilities:
Preparing tasks for copywriters;
Checking and preparing articles/guest posts for publication;
Link building and outreach (forums, blogs,Q-A platforms);
Research and define interesting content for implementation best content strategy;
Updating existing articles according to SEO principles;
Daily competitor monitoring and analysing;
Brand name creation.
Requirements:
Upper Intermediate level of English or higher;
Basic knowledge of SEO principles and tools;
High attention to detail and ability to multitask;
Self-motivated, independent & creative personality;
High energy, sense of urgency and passion with a «can do» attitude.
Would be a plus:
Content marketing experience;
Basic knowledge of WordPress and HTML;
Google Analytics experience;
Our future junior SEO specialist must be able to work with our SEO team remotely (excellent communication skills is a must);
Experience of working remotely.
We offer:
Competitive salary with indexation to the USD rate;
A three-month probation period where we teach everything you need for independent work that is paid 270$ per month;
After probation period the salary is 350$ per month;
Support and assistance of the mentor for the entire adaptation period;
Work in a young, ambitious and professional team;
Full-time remote job;
Flexible schedule;
Interesting tasks and rapid professional development;
Support and assistance of the mentor for the entire adaptation period.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
SEO-специалист (Junior), 5 000 – 14 500 грн
Uaateam. Харків.
Помощник SEO-специалиста, 10 000 грн
Generation Traffic One. Харків.
Контент-менеджер
Зевс, завод. Харків.
Редактор, контент-менеджер
Mira Films. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Контент-менеджер
Content manager
SMM-менеджер
Таргетолог
Блогер
SMM-спеціаліст
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
ЗМІ, видавництво, поліграфія
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата контент-менеджера у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3843972
Тренінги по темі «Контент-менеджер»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor