Вакансія: Digital Project manager, компанія Upqode, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Digital-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 2 березня 2020
Digital Project manager
Upqode
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Лемківська.
1,5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Recruiter Upqode ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Requirements:
1+ years of experience as Project Manager
Demonstrated success in running project management with +10 employees
Knowledge of Agile methodologies and ability to explain differences between them will be a plus;
Experience of creating technical documentation and requirements;
Ability to coordinate multiple projects;
Understanding of web-technologies, ability to explain basic things like what is git, script, cron, api etc.
Advanced English level (verbal and written);
Excellent communication skills, particularly in English;
Strong team leadership skills;
Responsibilities:
Provide full-cycle project management from business idea to successful delivery
Motivate a team, be responsible for decision making
Collaboration with UI/UX Designers, Principles, Tech Leads, Developers and QAs.
Ensure quality of the process and deliverables: development process optimization
Control tasks and overall workflow of the team.
Analyze and write requirements and other technical documentation.
Coordinate the work of a team members)
Drive process improvement — identify inefficiencies in the processes, suggest and introduce improvements.
Company Offers:
Challenging tasks, professional growth opportunities, and mentorship
Competitive salary (reviewed regularly)
Paid vacation, paid sick leave
Health insurance
Free English courses
Comfortable office in the center of Lviv
Cool team and corporate events
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle Project Manager (Source Code Scan Platform)
Sigma Software. Львів.
PPC-спеціаліст у Тернопіль
MagneticOne. Львів.
PPC Manager (SEO, Амазон), 9 000 – 12 000 грн
Sonvera. Львів.
Internet marketing manager
MiblArt. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Інтернет-маркетолог
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Digital Manager
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата digital-менеджера у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3802753
Тренінги по темі «Digital Manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor