Вакансія: PHP Expert, 75 000 – 125 000 грн, компанія Route4Me, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
PHP Expert
75 000 – 125 000 грн · Зарплатная вилка от $3000 до $5000
Route4Me
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість, дистанційна робота.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We are looking for an extraordinary PHP Rockstar developer to audit, review, and help to create complex systems from quite simple user interfaces to high loaded asynchronous systems and massive databases. You will be communicating directly to stakeholders regarding code quality to achieve very high projects standards.What does «high projects standards» mean? Systems must perform well/at low latencies possible at hi loading/rpm, may have big tables, must be scalable, very friendly to support and extend, and simple to read (as a good novel).You must be able to point out different types of issues based on project requirements and best practices during an audit. So, you will read a lot of code to help fix various issues. The ideal candidate will be able to write detailed reports about all types of problems: from architecture mistakes and wrong algorithms to typos. Must love immaculate, accurate, and proven code. Relational databases should be an open book for you as well. You must be an expert, at least in one RDBMS. You should be able to analyze tables schemas for current issues and potential. And table structures made by you must cover all software requirements and many more based on potential risks that should be avoided.Based on such detailed 360 degrees oriented approach to audit PHP based software and databases, you will create optimal strategies and approaches to refactor or even build from scratch systems or services in the right way.This is an ideal opportunity for code addicts and performance fanatics who can’t tolerate any code ugliness or systems pour performance.Required:
Strong knowledge of PHP and networking in 10+ years.
Laravel framework expertise and experience 5+ years.
Expertise in code review and detailed audit to find performance and general code quality issues.
Excellent knowledge of PHP features and its ecosystem (modules, IDEs, shell & bash)
Expertise in building high performance and reliable relational database schemas.
Experience in supporting high loaded relational databases.
Good communication skills
Experience in building distributed and asynchronous hi-performance systems architectures.
Expertise in OOP/SOLID/KISS/DRY in the PHP field.
Experience setting up a Linux / Unix environment.
Selection of optimal solutions/algorithms to achieve business objectives
Preferably:
Open Source projects contributors.
Excellent DevOps skills on Linux / Unix, especially Kubernetes.
Experience with AWS, Google Cloud
Good knowledge of C / C ++
Experience in other programming languages / platforms: C ++, Java, Go
Experience and knowledge of HIPAA and/or PCI / DCI.
Experience: 10+ years
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Digital Manager
Спорт-Платформа, ТОВ. Київ.
Контент-менеджер со знанием английского, немецкого, французского, 10 000 – 12 500 грн
BauMitSelect. Київ.
Аккаунт-, Project-manager, 12 000 грн
Авеб. Київ.
SEO-специалист (Middle+)
Boosta ltd.. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3795417
Тренінги по темі «PHP Expert»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor