Вакансія: Assistant, Database Manager, 15 000 грн, компанія Westbrook Realty, робота у Вінниці — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Вінниці
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Відгук без резюме
Вакансія від 6 березня 2020
Assistant, Database Manager
15 000 грн
Westbrook Realty
Нерухомість;
10–50 співробітників
Вінниця
Повна зайнятість, неповна зайнятість, дистанційна робота, готові взяти студента, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Опис вакансії
***All inquiries submitted with a short introductory video in English will be prioritized***We are looking for an ambitious person to join and grow with our company!If you are an open-minded, proactive, result-oriented, self-confident person, who has good communication and presentation skills — welcome! We are looking for well organized and an initiative person with fluent American English and a desire to work in a dynamic young team. With the growth of your skills, you will be able to build your career ladder in our company, gaining new knowledge, experience and, of course, good salary + bonuses!Job responsibilities:
Manage a database of new construction in Silicon Valley, California
Contact home builders to update pricing and inventory in the database
Communicate with Westbrook real estate agents
Requirements:
Experience working with spreadsheets/database
Fluent (professional) written and speaking level of American English
Clear and understandable accent
Ability to communicate and maintain relationships with potential clients
Be proactive and initiative, both when working independently and in collaboration with a team
Positive attitude
Experience in real estate is a plus
Conditions:
remote job position
full-time employee
Your schedule will be according to PST time, so Ukrainian time schedule is around 12 AM to 6 AM.We offer you:
friendly job atmosphere
enthusiastic young team
the possibility of professional and career growth
We are looking forward to receiving your resume!Salary: 15 000 UAH
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Помощник руководителя, 10 000 грн
Конс на Би$, бизнес-клуб предпринимателей. Вінниця.
Менеджер контакт-центра, 6 000 – 12 000 грн
Новые Решения. Вінниця.
Офіс-менеджер, 5 000 грн
Кондитер-С. Вінниця.
Project-менеджер, координатор проектов
Arixess. Вінниця.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Секретаріат, діловодство, АГВ
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Вінниці
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3812920
Тренінги по темі «Assistant, Database Manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor