Вакансія: SMM manager (English), компанія Dewzilla, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
SMM-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 12 березня 2020
SMM manager (English)
Dewzilla
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Dewzilla Company is looking for experienced SMM specialist to the Kiev office.Skills and Attributes:
Excellent written and verbal communication skills both in English;
A team player with the ability to work on own initiative;
Organised and proactive, able to multitask;
Ability to work under pressure in a fast-paced school and flexible to daily changes;
Pleasant, helpful attitude with a willingness to take on key tasks and projects;
Proven track record of reliability;
Accurate, with high attention to detail;
Experience using PowerPoint presentations / Mac computers / Google Drive / Microsoft Word and Excel.
Tasks and responsibilities:
Administer FB pages (external and internal), Instagram, Youtube, etc. Reply to, forward or action requests as required;
Email parents, staff, or other internal and external groups as requested by the principals, director, PTA;
Work with the registrar and IT department to ensure internal parent email shortcuts and contact details are accurate and up to date;
Work with the director’s PA and IT department to ensure staff email shortcuts and contact details are accurate and up to date;
Update and monitor the website by providing up-to-date information on website;
Update and monitor all websites social networks (FB, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, Dribble, Linkedin, Reddit, Bechance, YouTube news section on the website);
Cooperate with SEO, content manager, marketing manager and other team member.
Please send your CV here or in telegram
Показати телефон!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
SMM-специалист со знанием английского, 15 000 грн
Bosco Conference. Київ.
SMM-маркетолог для рынка онлайн-образования в Китае, 5 000 грн
Beverly English. Київ.
SMM manager with English, 25 000 грн
NS Digital. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
SMM-менеджер
Таргетолог
Блогер
Контент-менеджер
Менеджер з реклами
Content manager
SMM manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата SMM-менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3852674
Гарячі вакансії
SMM-менеджер.
Столичная Ювелирная Фабрика. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «SMM manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor