Вакансія: Project Manager, компанія Cybercube Business Group Ltd, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 11 березня 2020
Project Manager
Cybercube Business Group Ltd
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, Ржищівська вулиця.
4,7 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Cybercube Business Group Ltd is an online gaming platform for fans of competitive computer games. We are entering the international market and are planning to attract more than 1 million gamers by 2021.We are looking fora talented project manager who will help us effectively build the development process.Requirements:2+ years of solid experience in IT project management;
Management skills (ability to set up and delegate tasks, control over their performance, ability to motivate the team);
Strong knowledge of full cycle project management techniques, ability to estimate, track, and refine complex projects;
Knowledge of the Agile methodologies in project management (Scrum, Kanban);
Experience with risk management;
Knowledge of Jira, Confluence, Trello
Positive team motivation and mindset;
Critical and system thinking;
Advanced communication skills;
High emotional intelligence level;
Result-oriented and a good leader;
English — Upper-Intermediate and higher;
Will be a plus:
Passion for gaming and esports
QA experience
Skills for effective communication with colleagues (within the department and between departments)
What we offer:
Young and ambitious team
Large and comfortable office near the Botanical Garden
Competitive salary with an opportunity for career and financial growth
Parking space
In-office chill zones with billiard table and table tennis
The company welcomes a healthy lifestyle, our office is equipped with a shower for cyclists
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Руководитель проектов, Project Manager, главный инженер, 25 000 – 30 000 грн
Роял Груп, ТД, ООО. Київ.
Аккаунт-, Project-manager, 12 000 грн
Авеб. Київ.
Project manager
НІК-Електроніка. Київ.
IT Project manager
WebbyLab. Київ.
Project Sales manager
Дабл-Ю Нет Юкрейн, ТОВ. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Адмiнiстрацiя, керівництво середньої ланки
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3850934
Гарячі вакансії
Администратор салона красоты.
8 000 – 10 000 грн.*
Kensho, салон красоты. Київ.
Software Engineer (Networking).
Codeminders. Київ.
Оператор по обработке данных.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.
Telovox, LLC. Київ.
Customer support representative.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
2D Character Artist.
Voki Games. Київ.
Тестировщик 1С.
ВиЯр. Київ.
Senior Video Software Engineer (С++).
Codeminders. Київ.
Customer Care Expert (English).
WIX. Київ.
Business process development manager.
Vega, телекоммуникационная группа. Київ.
Developer (ASP.NET MVC, SQL, C#).
BEEPER. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor