Вакансія: Agile Project Manager, компанія ITCraft, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Agile Project Manager
ITCraft
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Харків
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Agile team is looking for a Project Manager who will take a leading position and will bring the team to the next level of the Tuckman ladder. The team is growing, customer’s business is growing, and the number of users is growing rapidly so there are a lot of challenges for you.Requirements:
3+ years of experience in project management;
Experience in managing team of 10 people and more;
Strong understanding of Scrum methodology and Agile principles;
Experience in Agile project management using Scrum or Kanban;
Experience in facilitating Agile events, understanding of facilitation diamond approach;
Excellent English speaking and writing skills. Experience in working with english speaking customers is required;
Solid understanding of engineering practices.
Will be a Plus:
Technical background;
Knowledge in Scrum of Scrum or any other scale Agile framework;
Any Agile certification will be a plus.
Responsibilities:
Schedule and facilitate Scrum events. Currently, the team is virtual, but we hope that in a while we all back into the office;
Direct communication with the customer’s team. Close work with the Product Manager and the technical staff on a daily basis;
Coach the Development Team in self-organization and cross-functionality;
Help the Development Team to bring the highest value to the customer;
Build strong team relationship;
Manage risks;
Create report for the management and for the customer;
Participate in staffing.
IT Craft offers:
Competitive salary according to the qualifications;
Comfortable working environment;
Flexible working hours;
Benefits package;
Reward for sport activities;
In-house English training.
Please send your CV.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Project Manager with Scrum Master Experience (Communications Solutions)
DataArt. Харків.
Junior Project Manager
Cleveroad Inc.. Харків.
Project manager
Forpost. Харків.
Внедренец, руководитель проекта CRM
Омега, ООО. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Адмiнiстрацiя, керівництво середньої ланки
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3858875
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor