Вакансія: Customer Solution Expert (English), компанія Smart Solutions, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Customer Solution Expert (English)
Smart Solutions
· VIP · Агенція
Пошук персоналу, HR;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
We are:We use our unique understanding of Wix products to provide support and inspiration to over 150 million users around the world! With our fingers on the pulse of our users' needs, we have a direct influence on how products are created and updated, making us a crucial part of Wix’s success. We work in a fast-paced atmosphere where great relationships and a healthy dose of fun are part of our daily lives, and everyone has the chance to express their creativity and always keep learning.You are:Proficient in written and spoken English, and eager to explore new technology. You have the ability to learn new concepts and solve problems thoughtfully and effectively. You have customer service experience in any industry, strong critical thinking skills, and know how to identify challenges and find solutions. You want to influence the way users perceive products and you’re comfortable working in a fast-paced and deadline-driven environment. You embrace the challenges of global communication and love working as part of a team. You take ownership of every project you’re a part of, and love taking initiative.Not sure if you have the tech skills needed? No problem! We’ll train you.As a Customer Care Expert, you will:
Provide Wix users with technical solutions over email.
Analyze user behavior, content suitability, & develop and maintain positive customer relations and satisfaction.
Influence the way we support our users and improve it to make sure our their experience is the best possible.
Work with all other departments and product teams, and liaise with them about our users' needs.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Digital Manager
Спорт-Платформа, ТОВ. Київ.
Контент-менеджер со знанием английского, немецкого, французского, 10 000 – 12 500 грн
BauMitSelect. Київ.
Аккаунт-, Project-manager, 12 000 грн
Авеб. Київ.
SEO-специалист (Middle+)
Boosta ltd.. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3758529
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor