Вакансія: Sales manager (IT Outsource), 12 500 грн, компанія Special Case, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер з продажу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 11 березня 2020
Sales manager (IT Outsource)
12 500 грн · Fix + %
Special Case
IT;
менше 10 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Лейпцизька, 15.
2,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, неповна зайнятість, дистанційна робота.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We invite the Sales Manager to the team of outsourcing IT company «SpecialCase Software Solutions».About Special CaseSpecial Case is a web integrator that specializes in developing complex websites and online stores, mass web services, chatbots, mobile applications, B2B applications, integration gateways, and other automation tools.The main task will be to establish contacts with potential clients, build relationships, search and communicate with new English-speaking partners from the U.S. and Europe, and closing deals.What we expect from a future colleague:• Understanding how b2b sales work• English proficiency sufficient for written correspondence and oral communication• Ready to learn and grab the material quickly• Active client search in the West — the USA and Europe• The ability to intelligently express your thoughts in writing and out loud• A firm understanding that your success is limited to youResponsibilities:• Launch of outbound lead generation campaigns• Use a variety of tools to create a database of contacts, selection, and verification of email and mailing lists• Attract leads based on the portrait of the perfect customer• Leads qualification, conduct primary communication, either in writing or orally• Test new tools and approaches in leads generation• Maintaining the client until the end of the transaction, billing and proposal writing• Maintaining an internal customer base• Maintaining contact with potential clients, building long-term relationshipsTools for work — Upwork, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Helper, Crunchbase, Startuphub, Angel.co, Glassdoor, Snov.io, MailChimp, you can offer others.We offer:Interesting projects, various industries.Decent salary + bonuses. Free work schedule.Opportunity for development and growth.Tools for work and training are provided by the company.The salary on the probation period is defined in the results of the interview.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Консультант по продажам IT-продуктов, 20 000 грн
IT-24. Київ.
IT sales manager (B2B), 55 000 грн
De Novo. Київ.
Trainee/Junior IT Sales, Business Development Manager
ITExpert. Київ.
IT Sales Manager (Business Development), 35 000 – 50 000 грн
Silvito. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з продажу у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3852398
Тренінги по темі «Sales manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor