Вакансія: Annotation Quality Manager, компанія Beetroot, робота у Полтаві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Полтаві
Менеджер з якості
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Annotation Quality Manager
Beetroot · VIP
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Полтава
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We’re looking for an Annotation Quality Manager who is interested in working with graphical data and machine learning. Our client is an ambitious Sweden based startup that is making it radically easier to produce high-quality training data for machine learning. In our collaboration model, you will work closely and communicate directly with the development team on the client-side, as well as with the team in Poltava.Responsibilities:
Supporting the team’s quality using guidelines
Creating feedback reports
Annotating images — manually working within the platform
Working with a large database
Closely cooperating with the team to make consistent decisions
What we’re looking for:
Experience working with annotations (graphical data)
You can easily concentrate on the process and remain focused for as long as needed
Analytical mind
Result-orientated and responsible
Well organized, proactive and a quick learner
Advanced computer skills
Intermediate English level (spoken English)
Bonus:
Experience in working with data
Naming five or more dishes that include beetroot, besides borsch
Does this describe you?There is such a thing as being a «true Beetroot».We value people who are eager for continual improvement. Someone who desires to be the most caring, professional, and progressive version of yourself. Your skills and experience are important factors, but your personality, approach, and drive for improvement are what truly make a difference. Our hope is that you will be a team player who can accept responsibility for your work, solve problems pragmatically, and remain highly motivated. It is also important to be outgoing, well-organized, and efficient with a strong ability to prioritize.Now that we’ve covered the basics, let’s share more about us!About BeetrootWe are a Swedish-Ukrainian IT company, building dream teams of developers and designers for companies around the globe. As an emerging company, co-producing with other emerging companies, we work with both start-up businesses and advanced businesses. In essence, we are the cannonball for our client’s success. With over 300 team members, Beetroot fosters a family environment. We are a tightly knit group who loves spending time together. Our desire is to provide a cozy workplace full of trust, equality, and steamy bowls of borscht!Do you like perks? So do we! We provide:
A work environment with a minimum level of hierarchy
Family-like culture in a comfortable, well-equipped office
Great networking opportunities with international clients
Personal and professional development opportunities
Competitive salary, paid vacation, medical insurance, and social benefits
Team building activities: ski trips, Beetroot breakfast, movie nights…and more!
English lessons with native speakers
Discounted Beetroot Academy courses
Annual allowance to participate in a competence-enhancing event
What are you waiting for? Send us your CV in English!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі посади у Полтаві
Інженер з якості
Контролер якості
Менеджер з якості
Фахівець з якості
Спеціаліст з якості
Контролер ОТК
Quality manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Полтаві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з якості в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3851335
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor