Вакансія: Project Manager, компанія Ікспенд Україна, ТОВ, робота у Житомирі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Житомирі
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Project Manager
Ікспенд Україна, ТОВ
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Житомир, вулиця Перемоги.
1,3 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Xpand is a product and service software development company assisting organizations around the globe in handling their Microsoft Dynamics ERP and CRM systems. Taking advantage of being located in the heart of IT specialists in Europe, Xpand delivers its services to partners helping them to cope with the amount and complexity of work they could have and take care of the latest technologies, trends and quality.Besides rendering services to our partners, we strive to build beautiful products which aim to simplify business processes and increase competitive advantage of our customers.In connection with the expansion of our activities and the team, we are looking for a Project Manager to join us in Zhytomyr office and participate in implementation and development of projects.Responsibilities:
Managing and taking ownership of projects. Own decision making within defined level of authority
Ensuring the project deliverables conform to the budget, scope, schedule and quality
Maintaining the communication between Xpand and the customer
Shaping and managing the customer’s expectations
Proactively identify and efficiently resolve project related problems with involvement of required cross-department consultancy if needed
Provide leadership and motivation of project team members
Facilitating the engagement and proposal phases when it comes to new opportunities and projects
We expect you to have:
1−3 years of project management experience in software development projects
Experience of taking ownership of all aspects of the project, such as budget, scope, schedule, and quality
Practical experience of using project management tools
Ability to manage multiple projects in a changing environment
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Upper-Intermediate level of English (written and spoken)
Flexibility, self-driven attitude
It will be a plus if you have:
Experience in managing С# ASP.NET related projects
Experience of working with the U.S. or European companies
Proven records of education in project management area. Professional certification (PMP, IPMA, etc.)
What we offer for employment:
A long-term contract for full-time employment with Xpand
A compensation package that ensures you are paid competitively for your performance and skills, linked to EUR rate
A unique working environment in a friendly team; direct communication with end-customers
Medical insurance after probationary period pass
Corporate team-building events
A working place in a cozy office located in the center of Zhytomyr
Do not miss your chance! We look forward to welcoming you in our team!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
IT Project Manager
SWP-Group. Житомир.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Житомирі
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Житомирі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3813799
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor