Вакансія: Translation Project Manager, 16 000 – 20 000 грн, компанія Золотий перетин консалтинг і технології, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 11 березня 2020
Translation Project Manager
16 000 – 20 000 грн · Зависит от квалификаций
Золотий перетин консалтинг і технології
IT;
менше 10 співробітників
Київ
Russel Galeev ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, неповна зайнятість, дистанційна робота, готові взяти студента, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
PROJECT MANAGER — TRANSLATION (REMOTE POSITION)MAIN PURPOSE OF JOB INTROMaven International is seeking a remotely based project manager to support operations of existing and newly opened offices.This is remote position, the candidate can be based anywhere and work from home or preferred location, so long he or she is able to deliver. Please note that this position could be part time, project based work at initial stages before we go for full engagement. Preference is given for female candidates.The Project Manager is responsible for ensuring the successful planning, execution, tracking, delivery and closure of client projects. The candidate is a driven but steady individual. Most importantly, the ideal candidate must demonstrate ability to: multitask in a fast-paced environment, work well with people from a variety of different backgrounds and cultures, build relationships with clients and co-workers, work as part of a team and alone, take active measures to solve problems and commit to a high level of service, with the flexibility and energy to thrive in a dynamic environment.Duties: short basic version
Opening, monitoring and delivery of translation projects
Manage and coordinate the entire life-cycle of multiple localization projects from quote through project completion to ensure on-time and quality delivery.
Manage project finances, including preparation of quotes/purchase orders, invoices and budgeting
Analyze needs and resource requirements to plan projects accordingly.
Apply quality control through checkpoint systems to meet client expectations.
Proactively lead the identification of any potential issues, resolve them and close identified gaps
Ensure timely payables to vendors
Expand, manage and resources vendors database.
Strengthen excellent relationships with internal (colleagues in current and other branches) and external resources (freelancers vendors)
Other ad-hoc tasks either assigned or required to be performed within the scope of main duties.
Detailed duties:
Project planning, scoping, requirements gathering and validation with clients and account manager.
Risk analysis and contingency planning
Leading the internal and external team to successful execution and delivery of client projects
Creating schedule and monitoring timeliness of delivery.
Managing the budget and controlling project costs.
Overseeing project activities and ensuring resolution to any problems that may arise (corrective and preventive action).
Actively seeking ways to optimize delivery, client satisfaction, quality and profitability.
Reporting, both in written and verbal form, to internal and external stakeholders regarding Project scope, financials, progress and status, formally and on an ad-hoc basis as required.
Ensuring profit of project is maintained through the management of margin.
Complaints to the vendor (external resources, translators): sends complaints to the vendor if there is a problem with the quality of the service (lack of punctuality, does not follow the instructions given, etc.).
Establishing and nurturing relationships with the customer, internal teams and external suppliers.
Requirements:Minimum:
Bachelor’s degree (B. A.) from four-year college or university in Business, Language, Localization or Translation studies or related technical field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Professional (advanced) spoken and written English, other languages are added advantage.
Experience in working as translation project manager for at least 1 year
Experience in working with CAT tools (SmartCat, SDL Professional Studio, etc)
Experience in working with TMS: XTRF or Plunet is preferred
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (Word and Excel)
Internet literate
Self-discipline and resistance to stress
Keen interest and quick learner of new technologies
Preferred:
Experience in working as translation project manager for at least 2 years
Experience in translation either as full-timer or freelance translator
Knowledge of the translation industry and a keen interest in its technology, process, competitive landscape and emerging trends.
Skills:
Ability to manage multiple priorities in a time-sensitive and deadline-driven work environment (Juggle multiple priorities simultaneously in a fast-paced environment)
Ability to prioritize activities on a daily basis to accomplish project goals
Excellent written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills.
The ability to lead large, diverse, virtual teams (external resources, freelance translators).
Strong organizational and problem-solving skills, attention to detail, and the ability to multitask
Ability to work remotely
Self-starter
Energy and a positive attitude.
Proactive individual
Measures of successDelivery of services in line with core KPIs for project management, which include but are not limited to:
Client satisfaction;
On-time delivery;
Cost control and profitability;
Client growth
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Руководитель проектов, Project Manager, главный инженер, 25 000 – 30 000 грн
Роял Груп, ТД, ООО. Київ.
Аккаунт-, Project-manager, 12 000 грн
Авеб. Київ.
Project manager
НІК-Електроніка. Київ.
IT Project manager
WebbyLab. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Адмiнiстрацiя, керівництво середньої ланки
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3851534
Гарячі вакансії
Керівник проектів та програм відділу впровадження банківських систем (АБС Б2).
Forward Bank. Київ.
Руководитель проекта по переходу учетных систем.
Яковлев, ФЛП (сеть розничных магазинов). Київ.
Менеджер проектов в благотворительный фонд.
63 000 грн.*
Правэкс, ООО. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor