Вакансія: E-Commerce Manager, 30 000 – 40 000 грн, компанія Alirm LLC, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
E-Commerce Manager
30 000 – 40 000 грн · Negotiable, based on skills
Alirm LLC
Роздрібна торгівля;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, Кловський узвіз.
1,5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We are looking for the outstanding E-commerce Specialist for our company.We are engaged in sales of different goods (FMCG, not food). Sales are conducted via the Internet in North America. In five years we have grown into a strong and efficiently developing company with a high level of sales.Responsibilities:
Manage online accounts, eg., Walmart, eBay, Wayfair, Groupon, Overstock, etc.
Launch new products: keywords research, funnels, listing preparations, EBC activities, listing content, backend settings, review generation, etc;
Oversee multiple brands;
Build campaigns and upload keyword lists for sponsored brands and sponsored products;
Work with the marketing team to come up with strategic sales and promotional plans for products with the ability to track sales results and profitability;
Manage the day-to-day responsibilities for online marketplaces
Analyze product rankings, ratings, customer feedback/reviews, as well as product sales performance to determine the best and worst performing SKUs;
Monitor account health and performance metrics, sales, competitive listings, and pricing as well as best practices and techniques to ensure correct account spend/growth, identify new opportunities and present to management;
Staying informed with eCommerce retail industry best practices, new trends and technologies, marketplaces, and platform updates;
Report (daily, weekly, monthly) on campaigns and overall account health and provide recommendations to enhance performance.
Requirements:
University Degree in Marketing, BA or equivalent;
2+ years of experience in a Direct Marketing, Business-to-Business environment with a focus on ecommerce;
Upper-Intermediate+ level of English and extraordinary communication skills;
Prior experience with e-commerce marketplaces (eBay, Walmart, Wayfair, Groupon, Overstock) is a must;
Highly organized and detail-oriented;
Strong problem solving skills.
Work conditions:
Full-time office job 5 days, 40 hours week;
Competitive stable compensation;
Career advancement opportunities within the company and personal development;
Work schedule: 12 pm — 9 pm (UTC+3);
Official contract
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Product manager (е-commerce) в Днепр
Eva, лінія магазинів. Київ.
Менеджер із залучення клієнтів (e-commerce), 25 000 грн
Meest. Київ.
Фахівець з e-commerce
Український процесінговий центр. Київ.
Менеджер з продажу E-Commerce послуг
Первый Украинский Международный Банк (ПУМБ). Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3827316
Тренінги по темі «E-Commerce Manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor