Вакансія: Expert of the Parliamentary Reform Office on E-Governance, компанія UNDP, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Expert of the Parliamentary Reform Office on E-Governance
UNDP
Некомерційні організації;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
BackgroundThe EU-UNDP Parliamentary Reform Project (PRP) is aimed at strengthening the functioning of the Ukrainian Parliament, the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine (VRU), its working bodies, MPs and Secretariat (VRU), to become a progressively more effective, accountable and transparent institution in carrying out its constitutional responsibilities of legislation, oversight, and representation with positive influence on the overall process of EU-Ukraine Association Agreement implementation. The project strategy is aligned with the priorities of the EU’s Single Support Framework for Ukraine 2018 — 2020, the Government of Ukraine — UN Partnership Framework 2018−2022, and the UNDP Country Programme Document 2018 — 2022. The project is an EU-funded initiative strongly connected to UNDP’s Democratic Governance Programme and comprises of three components. To provide more targeted support to parliamentary reforms the Parliamentary Reform Office (PRO) was established within the EU-UNDP Parliamentary Reform Project, serving as an advisory group to the Leadership and Secretariat of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine under the general supervision of the VRU Chairperson. In this context, the United Nations Development Programme is recruiting an Expert on E-Governance and Transparency with relevant experience and track record.The Expert of the Parliamentary Reform Office on Parliamentary E-Governance will be directly responsible for coordination of PRO activities related to support the VRU in the implementation of e-Parliament Strategy, including the digital legislative process and introducing a new registration and voting procedures for MPs.II. Duties and Responsibilities:Under the coordination of the E-Governance and Transparency Specialist and operational supervision of the Project Coordinator as well as in close cooperation with appointed officials of the VRU Secretariat, the incumbent will perform the following functions:
Coordinate PRO activities on Parliamentary E-Governance to support the implementation of e-Parliament Strategy in consultations with key stakeholders at the VRU;
Ensure implementation of the PRO work plan on Parliamentary E-Governance within the agreed timescale and provide proper reporting;
Provide strategic advice to EU/UNDP, project team and the parliamentary stakeholders on the issues of digitalisation, e-governance, and technical areas of the e-Parliament Strategy;
Provide the cost-estimation of project development and other technical and IT management expertise for VRU Secretariat to support the implementation of strategic tasks of the e-Parliament Strategy;
Support the complex diagnostics and analysis of information systems of the VRU which will be performed by the professional IT consulting company selected by UNDP on a competitive basis;
Support the development of the technical and functional specifications for ToR on developing IT solutions for VRU and its Secretariat;
Coordinate development, implementation and support the testing of IT-solutions for VRU and its Secretariat;
Contribute to the preparation of the PRO/project's progress reports and related monitoring meetings.
III. Measurable outputs of the work assignment/deliverables:PRO deliverables on Parliamentary E-Governance are timely achieved, with an emphasis on measurable results and quality, and properly reported, namely:
Support the complex diagnostics of information systems of the VRU which will be performed by the professional IT consulting company selected by UNDP on a competitive basis — April-July 2020;
Based on the results of the complex diagnostics of information systems of the VRU, advise the project on the course of action for the project support in terms of IT-solutions to be developed — July-August 2020;
Technical requirements for the new stage of EuroVoc developed and agreed with the relevant stakeholders — May 2020;
Recommendations on implementation of IT-solutions based on the results of complex diagnostics of information systems of the Verkhovna Rada agreed with the relevant stakeholders — August-September 2020;
Monitoring of functioning of all computerized systems of the VRU and of the progress on implementation of the E-Parliament strategy provided — June 2020; October 2020; January 2021;
Recommendations for implementation of new registration and voting procedures for MPs, including technical, functional and other related documentation, and technical specifications developed — July 2020;
The developed IT solutions are tested and launched — January 2021.
VI. Experience and qualification requirementsEducation
At least Master’s degree in software engineering, information and communication systems, computer engineering, computer systems and networks, information systems and technologies, integrated information systems, economic cybernetics, programming or another related field.
Experience
At least 5 years of specific professional experience in information systems and technologies and IT management or related field;
At least 5 years of programming experience working with languages, libraries and frameworks preferably, but not limited: C#; Net Framework 4.6+; .Net Core 2.1+; ASP.NET MVC v. 5.2.3+; ASP.NET Web API 2.2 OWIN 5.2.3+; ASP.NET Core 2.1+; ADO.NET Entity Framework 6.1.3+ (Code First), Entity Framework Core 2.1+; HTML5; CSS3, Javascript (ECMA 2016); xml, json; jQuery 2.1.4+; jQuery UI 1.11.4+; Visual Studio and creating applications using SharePoint Apps (Add-ins) technology, interacting with the application and SharePoint farm using C # CSOM (Client side object model);
Successful development and implementation of projects using technologies described above will be a strong asset;
Professional certificates will be an asset;
Experience of collaborating with Ukrainian or other Parliaments will be an asset.
Languages
Fluency in Ukrainian and English is required
Skills
Knowledge of state standards in software development;
Skills in designing of technical requirements for the IT solutions; designing and documenting the software system architecture; formulation of the task for development and testing IT solutions;
Skills in addressing the issues of functioning at all stages of the information system life cycle.
Excellent writing, communication and organization skills;
Mature judgment combined with a proactive approach to problem solving; excellent interpersonal and communication skills;
Integrity by modelling the UN’s values and ethical standards;
Strong organizational and time management skills;
Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines;
Excellent analytical skills.
VIII. Financial proposalContracts based on daily feeThe financial proposal will specify the daily fee and payments will be made to the Individual Consultant based on the number of days worked.To apply and for full position description, please follow the link: https://jobs.undp.org/cj_view_job.cfm?cur_job_id=90893
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Digital Manager
Спорт-Платформа, ТОВ. Київ.
Контент-менеджер со знанием английского, немецкого, французского, 10 000 – 12 500 грн
BauMitSelect. Київ.
Аккаунт-, Project-manager, 12 000 грн
Авеб. Київ.
SEO-специалист (Middle+)
Boosta ltd.. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3858887
Тренінги по темі «Expert of the Parliamentary Reform Office on E-Governance»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor