Вакансія: Project-менеджер, компанія Stfalcon.com, робота у Хмельницькому — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Хмельницькому
Project-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Project-менеджер
Stfalcon.com
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Хмельницький, вулиця Зарічанська, 3/2.
1,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Олександра Довга ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Необхідні навички2+ years of experience on a similar positionunderstanding the needs of the client and ability to bring them to the teamunderstanding of principles and experience with flexible methodologiesexacting to the terms and the ability to keep everything under control, the ability to charge and motivate the teamEnglish (level Upper Intermediate / Advanced)ability to make independent decisionsGood sense of humor is a must :)Буде плюсомtechnical backgroundprofessional certificates, courses / workshopsexamples of your successful projectsWhat is important to us in a person:Involvement in work, interest in achieving resultsSelf-reliance, responsibility and organizationAbility to communicate and establish relationship in a teamПропонуємоPartial cost compensation for:
— Pool 🏊🏽‍♀️ / gym 🏋🏻‍♂️
— English courses
— Profile conferences according to the worker’s grade 🤓
Benefit of work with us:— Payment of the sick-list— Corporate events 🎉— Individual career pathОбов’язкиWork on the project at all stagesEnsuring achievement of project objectivesWork with external and internal risksWorking with key project stakeholders to receive positive feedbackEnsuring effective communication and building the process according to the project, management methodologies supported by the companyПро проектStructure of the company:
The company has two offices, 45 employees work in Khmelnytskyi, 22 employees in Kyiv. We are engaged in expansion of teams in two offices, also we work on a remote basis with specialists from other regions of Ukraine.Interview stages:
Interview with a Recruiter — 30 minutes via Skype one-to-one
TechnicalInterview with PM — 1 hour via Skype
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер проектів (SMM, реклама), 6 000 – 14 000 грн
Outsourcing.team. Хмельницький.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Хмельницькому
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Project-менеджер
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Хмельницькому
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата project-менеджера в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3855550
Тренінги по темі «Project-менеджер»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor