Вакансія: Content manager, компанія Raise.Band, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Контент-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Content manager
Raise.Band
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Our company provides web services and e-commerce solutions to customers in Europe and USA. We are looking for active and motivated young individuals to join our team in Kyiv office as Content manager. We will foster your professional and personal growth by providing friendly and dynamic work environment with lots of additional perks.Set of skills we are looking for:
1+ years of relevant experience;
Advanced level of English is a MUST (a focus on written English);
Experience in proofreading and/or editing;
Ability to write engaging blog articles with catchy titles;
Understanding the fundamentals of Content Marketing, SEO and Creative copywriting;
Good time management skills and self-organization (be able to meet the deadlines);
Ability to learn new content marketing/SEO tools.
Will be a plus:
Basic knowledge of SEO;
Experience of creating «rich media' types of content (presentations, infographics, etc.).
Responsibilities:
Collection and analysis of semantics;
Creating/expanding content plans
Ordering, proofreading and editing content submitted by writers.
Writing engaging articles for our blogs;
Publishing content on our websites;
Optimization for user intent;
Internal linking of published content
Ensuring all content tasks and requests are completed in a professional and timely manner.
Compensation and conditions:
Competitive salary;
Paid vacation and sick leave;
Medical insurance;
Big goals, challenging tasks, trainings and feedbacks;
Opportunities for professional growth;
Opportunities to attend various professional events and classes;
Office in the city center;
Friendly working environment;
Free meals, fruits and drinks;
The last but not the least, we cooperate with charity funds and care about the environment.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Контент-менеджер со знанием английского, немецкого, французского, 10 000 – 12 500 грн
BauMitSelect. Київ.
Контент-менеджер (Advanced English), 15 000 грн
TripHints. Київ.
Контент-менеджер, 12 000 грн
Уотер Март. Київ.
Контент-менеджер у Львів, 10 000 – 15 000 грн
Леонідова, ФОП. Київ.
Старший контент-менеджер
YouControl. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Контент-менеджер
Content manager
SMM-менеджер
Таргетолог
Блогер
SMM-спеціаліст
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
ЗМІ, видавництво, поліграфія
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата контент-менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3798224
Гарячі вакансії
Интернет-маркетолог.
25 000 – 30 000 грн.*
Время Газа. Київ.
Менеджер по интеграции баз данных.
18 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Customer support representative.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Business process development manager.
Vega, телекоммуникационная группа. Київ.
Customer Support Consultant (fluent Spanish and English).
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Java Developer.
Micro Focus. Київ.
Senior Full Stack Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Системный администратор.
18 000 грн.
СмартШоп. Київ.
Senior Back-End Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Content manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor