Вакансія: Менеджер billing-центра по сбору данных, 14 000 грн, компанія АНТ-Капітель, робота у Черкасах — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Черкасах
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 10 березня 2020
Менеджер billing-центра по сбору данных
14 000 грн · От 12500
АНТ-Капітель
Телекомунікації, зв'язок;
10–50 співробітників
Черкаси
Анатолий ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, неповна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
Работа на английском языкеJob Title:Billing SpecialistDescription:An established busy Billing Company based in office in Cherkasy, and is seeking a Medical Collections Specialists for work in the office.(Newly created company in Cherkasy)Experience in medical collections is preferred, but not necessary. We are willing to train the right candidate.Please only apply for this position, if you are a citizen of Ukraine,REQUIREMENTS:
Good English: verbal and written communication
Very comfortable with using computers and Microsoft Office software
Very comfortable with using the phone. The applicant must have a vocal confident personality on the phone.
Interest in the Medical Billing Field
Excellent organizational skills
Strong attention to detail
Ability to multitask
Ability to work fast under pressure in a fast-paced office environment.
Be very energetic and have a positive attitude towards work-related happenings.
What you receive:
Training for the job
Support and development of your English
Introductory training (1-week training period) and skill enforcement trainings
Comfortable working conditions (office in the center of Cherkasy, soft and hot drinks)
Very stable position with career growth opportunities
Benefit package: paid holidays, annual vacation, corporate English classes etc
Working hours from 14:00 to 22:30 Monday-Friday
payment in UAH equals From (12500 UA)
Contacts:
Показати телефон,We look forward to receiving your applications ASAP.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Оператор call-центра в Запорожье, 5 000 – 10 000 грн
Смартер. Черкаси.
Project Manager
Master of Code Global. Черкаси.
Консультант на телефон (входящие звонки), 11 000 грн
Укртелемедиагрупп. Черкаси.
Project manager
InterLink, IT-компания. Черкаси.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Черкасах
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3583740
Тренінги по темі «Менеджер billing-центра по сбору данных»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor