Вакансія: Project manager, компанія RichMediaSystems, робота у Дніпрі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Дніпрі
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Project manager
RichMediaSystems
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Дніпро
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
RichMediaSystems is actively seeking a talented and highly motivated Project Manager in support of the company’s two large-scale projects encompassing multiple challenging tasks. A successful candidate will be an excellent team player with outstanding communication skills, strong attention to details, and high level of responsibility proved in the ability to solve problems, understand business goals, and help the client achieve them. Required Skills:
Bachelor’s degree in related field (preferably IT);
Project management experience;
Experience in writing technical tasks;
Excellent time management skills and the ability to prioritize work;
Ability to manage and organize the team around tasks that need attention/solving;
Strong interpersonal skills, excellent communication, coordination and negotiation skills proven in the ability to get along with the team and other people/departments that participate in the project;
Experience in Jira.
Personal Qualities:
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills;
High level of responsibility;
Strong self-motivation and discipline;
Analytical thinking.
Your Future Duties and Responsibilities:
Writing technical tasks;
Planning and controlling projects deadlines;
Work closely with the owner/internal stakeholders;
Creating project documentation based on the owner’s requirements and specification;
Be proactive and quickly spot tasks and processes that need guidance, control and your close attention. Evaluate situations objectively and make straightforward decisions.
What We Offer:
Great working conditions and comfortable office in the city center;
Comfortable work schedule with flexible hours;
Employee and social benefits (24 calendar days of vacation per year, 5 days of paid sick leave).
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Regional Project Manager (telecom field)
Huawei Ukraine LLC (Хуавей Україна, ТОВ). Дніпро.
Провідний менеджер з розвитку та проектування бізнес-процесів
Алло. Дніпро.
Project-менеджер
Алеф, корпоративный департамент персонала. Дніпро.
Менеджер проектов (индустрия детства)
Big Ben, академия языков. Дніпро.
Руководитель проектов в сфере логистике (управление цепочками поставок)
Варус (Varus). Дніпро.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Дніпрі
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Адмiнiстрацiя, керівництво середньої ланки
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Дніпрі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Дніпрі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3767800
Гарячі вакансії
DevOps Engineer.
50 000 – 70 000 грн.*
Реактор. Дніпро.
Директор по продажам (Advanced English) в Никополь.
Centravis, международный холдинг. Дніпро.
Директор по персоналу.
Work.ua. Дніпро.
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor