Вакансія: SEO expert, компанія Тимофеенко, ФЛП, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
SEO-експерт
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 24 лютого 2020
SEO expert
Тимофеенко, ФЛП
Маркетинг, реклама, PR;
менше 10 співробітників
Київ
Неповна зайнятість, дистанційна робота, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
A digital marketing agency is looking for an SEO expert.We’re an enthusiastic and friendly team with a positive attitude. We’re out to change the industry and have plenty of exciting projects in the pipeline.Key Requirements:
5+ years experience in SEO, working knowledge of search engine optimization practices, including local SEO, mobile SEO, and optimization for voice search;
Proven success in link building and viral strategies is a MUST;
Experience with Google and Bing’s services, including Analytics and Webmaster tools;
Experience with Google’s Keyword Tool, Ubersuggest and other keyword research tools;
A functional understanding of HTML and CSS;
The ability to work with back-end SEO elements such as .htaccess, robots.txt, metadata, site speed optimization, and related skills;
A solid grasp of how blogging, press releases, social media, and related strategies go hand-in-hand with SEO;
Experience in building inbound organic search traffic and improving SERPs;
A background in creating reports showing web analytics data and site evaluations;
An up-to-date working knowledge of current, past, and projected trends in the SEO industry;
Familiarity with the best tools in the trade;
Excellent verbal and written communication skills (fluent level of English).
Responsibilities:
Reviewing and analyzing the websites for areas that can be improved and optimized;
Developing a comprehensive link building strategy;
Keyword research, working with the copywriter to write SEO content for blogs, websites and social media accounts;
Analyzing SEO techniques used by competitors;
Keeping updated on both white hat and black hat SEO strategies in order to ensure content is within search engine guidelines;
Compiling and presenting SEO guidelines;
Work with the development team to ensure SEO best practices are properly implemented on newly developed codes.
We’re looking for our perfect fit. Someone experienced but passionate, fun and positive
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
SEO-специалист (Middle+)
Boosta ltd.. Київ.
Специалист по контекстной рекламе, Junior PPC-Specialist, 6 000 – 14 000 грн
Coffeeok, интернет-магазин. Київ.
SEO-специалист (с обучением), 12 000 грн
TripHints. Київ.
Специалист технической поддержки, JavaScript-программист (SEO, парсинг, NodeJS), 10 000 – 14 000 грн
NetSolutions. Київ.
SEO Specialist
Tamga. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
Спеціаліст технічної підтримки
SEO expert
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата SEO-експерта у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3834257
Гарячі вакансії
Системный администратор.
18 000 грн.
СмартШоп. Київ.
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Программист 1С.
Rozetka. Київ.
Senior QA engineer (manual).
Micro Focus. Київ.
Content QC, text quality controller, editor.
Master Call LLC. Київ.
Senior 2D Artist (UI).
Voki Games. Київ.
Програміст 1С.
Хлібні інвестиції. Київ.
Маркетолог-аналітик.
StarLightMedia. Київ.
Senior Front-End Web Developer (React.JS).
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Senior Video Software Engineer (С++).
Codeminders. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «SEO expert»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor