Вакансія: Project Manager with Scrum Master Experience (Communications Solutions), компанія DataArt, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Project Manager with Scrum Master Experience (Communications Solutions)
DataArt
· VIP
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Харків, майдан Захисників України, 7/8.
2,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
The client is an American company that’s working in the communications solutions industry focused on large companies and corporations.They specialize in services for sending voice and text messages, notifications, organizing online conferences, alerts about natural disasters, creating interactive voice menus and newsletters, sending messages on a schedule, etc. Development is conducted using a comprehensive stack of technologies: .NET, Java, Oracle, PostgreSQL, ReactJS. The processes are built on Agile. The system’s features are continuously expanding and getting supplemented with new opportunities as per requests of the company’s customers. Required Skills and Experience:
3+ years of project management experience
Experience working as a Scrum Master
Excellent knowledge and practical experience with Agile methodology and Scrum framework
Experience in using popular project practices and processes: planning, tracking, analysis, risk assessment, etc.
Excellent communication and organizational skills, ability to prioritize, time management skills, work flexibility, client-orientated mindset
Client negotiation skills (analysis of expectations, collecting feedback about the service, resolving disputes)
Analytical mindset
Experience with distributed multicultural teams and foreign clients.
Good spoken English
Additional Competencies:
Skills and experience in creating project documentation
Technical background
Understanding GDPR requirements
Understanding of the principles of code testing (BDD, TDD, ATDD)
Scrum Master certification
DataArt Offers:
Professional Development:— Experienced colleagues who are ready to share knowledge;— The ability to switch projects, technology stacks, try yourself in different roles;— More than 150 workplaces for advanced training;— Study and practice of English: courses and communication with colleagues and clients from different countries;— Support of speakers who make presentations at conferences and meetings of technology communities.
The ability to focus on your work: a lack of bureaucracy and micromanagement, and convenient corporate services;
Friendly atmosphere, concern for the comfort of specialists;
Flexible schedule and the ability to work remotely;
The ability to work in any of our development centers.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Junior Project Manager
Cleveroad Inc.. Харків.
Agile Project Manager
ITCraft. Харків.
Project-менеджер, 20 000 – 30 000 грн
АлвариумСофт. Харків.
Project manager
Magecom. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3850918
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor