Вакансія: Social Media Manager, 10 000 – 25 000 грн, компанія Blockspell, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер з соцмереж
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 29 лютого 2020
Social Media Manager
10 000 – 25 000 грн
Blockspell
IT;
менше 10 співробітників
Київ, Sportyvna Square, 1a.
1,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, неповна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
DescriptionWe are searching for a talented Social Media Manager to represent our company by building a social media presence for our brands. The Social Media Manager will be required to run advertising campaigns and drive engagement by creating high-quality original content. You should also engage influencers, manage our community by responding to comments, promote our events and oversee our customer service across all platforms.We are starting by launching a few events in Kyiv. Your responsibility in the beginning will be to build the strategy to represent the company on Social Media Platforms (Telegram, LinkedIn, Medium, Facebook, Instagram), advertise the events, grow attendance, execute the SM strategy, track company’s growth on the internet and extensively communicate with the other team members.Social Media Manager Responsibilities:
Intermediate English or higher
Running company social media advertising campaigns (Telegram, LinkedIn, Medium, Facebook, Instagram)
Formulating high-quality novel written and visual content for each social media campaign.
Building a social media presence by maintaining a solid online presence.
Monitoring the company’s brand on social media.
Building brand awareness by engaging relevant influencers.
Managing our online communities to ensure respectful and appropriate engagement.
Responding to comments on each of our accounts.
Overseeing customer service provided via social media.
Analyzing data to determine whether social media campaigns have achieved their objectives.
Social Media Manager Requirements:
Social Media Marketing experience.
Experience with Telegram channels, LinkedIn, Medium, Facebook, Instagram.
Deep SEO understanding.
Experience developing social media strategies.
Experience working with and developing a marketing plan.
Ability to develop the right voice for each social media platform.
Proven ability to build social media communities.
Understanding of graphic design principles.
Experience as a Brand Manager on social media.
Ability to measure the success of campaigns.
WordPress is a Plus
Full-Time and Part-Time positions available.In order to apply email your CV and cover letter to: jb at batallafamily dot com
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Facebook Mediabuyer (арбитраж, маркетинг), 40 000 – 100 000 грн
Next App. Київ.
Менеджер по поиску людей для размещения прямой рекламы Facebook, Instagram, 17 000 грн
IQ Top. Київ.
Помощница маркетолога, менеджер рекламных аккаунтов Facebook, 20 000 грн
IQ Top. Київ.
Ведущий, блогер, 20 000 – 35 000 грн
Payphone X. Київ.
SMM-менеджер (Америка, IT-послуги) ​, 28 000 – 280 000 грн
Soft.ua. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
SMM-менеджер
Таргетолог
Блогер
Контент-менеджер
Менеджер з реклами
Content manager
Social media manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з соцмереж у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3841383
Гарячі вакансії
Системный администратор облачных сервисов.
28 000 – 32 000 грн.
De Novo. Київ.
Маркетолог.
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Сценарист игр.
Voki Games. Київ.
Керівник проектів та програм відділу впровадження банківських систем (АБС Б2).
Forward Bank. Київ.
Middle/Strong Middle Back-End web Developer.
26 000 – 65 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Java Developer.
Micro Focus. Київ.
Customer Support Consultant (fluent Spanish and English).
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Программист 1С.
Rozetka. Київ.
Developer (ASP.NET MVC, SQL, C#).
BEEPER. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Social media manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor