Вакансія: Support/Fraud Manager for Payment gateway, компанія Gamingtec, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Support manager
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 21 березня 2020
Support/Fraud Manager for Payment gateway
Gamingtec
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Position OverviewCommunication with clients and suppliers to deliver the best payment processing service. Focus on identifying the root of the issue and address it to the relevant side to fix the cause.Responsibilities:
Giving required support, efficiently and effectively and in accordance with priority, impact and SLA’s;
Escalate to appropriate group a detailed issue tracking (ticket), status update to the logger (requester), according to procedures;
Monitoring of specific transactional flows;
Write detailed functional specifications, user stories and product documentation;
Work any cases of actual or suspected fraud and noncompliance;
Monitor and identify patterns within fraudulent activities.
Requirements:
Customer focused;
Multi-tasking and results oriented;
Problem solving: Identify barriers that prevent achieving goals and standards;
Good at planning and organizing own schedule;
Good written and verbal communication skills in client-facing situations, to achieve positive outcomes (English and Russian);
Strong aptitude for structured problem solving and quantitative skills;
Familiarity with the PCI DSS standard preferred.
We offer:
Long-term employment with 20 working-days paid annual leave;
Medical insurance;
Support from colleagues and automatization of time-consuming processes;
Compensation for courses, conferences, workshops, etc.;
Summer corporate retreat and regular team-buildings;
Sport activities;
Free corporate English lessons;
* and if you’re also a cat lover, it’s 100% match.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Специалист технической поддержки, 10 000 – 15 000 грн
PayCore.io. Київ.
Специалист по информационно-консультационной поддержке, 5 000 грн
GM, группа компаний. Київ.
Фахівець з підтримки користувачів
Діла, медична лабораторія. Київ.
Support Monitoring Manager
EvoPlay. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Support manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Фінанси, банк
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата support manager у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3848719
Гарячі вакансії
Customer support representative.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Оператор call-centre, специалист клиентской поддержки.
13 000 грн.
Би Эл Джи Микрофинанс, ООО. Київ.
Customer Support Consultant (fluent Spanish and English).
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Support manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor