Вакансія: Publisher Manager, компанія LoopMe, робота у Дніпрі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Дніпрі
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Publisher Manager
LoopMe
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Дніпро, вулиця Старокозацька, 37.
0,5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
The Role:LoopMe is looking for an Publisher Manager who will be responsible for managing publisher accounts, troubleshoot any issues related to traffic performance, quality, develop the relationships with partners.Key Responsibilities:
Managing direct publisher accounts;
Monitoring traffic quality and performance;
Support publishers in order to solve any kind of technical/organizational/reporting issues;
Inventory planning;
Written correspondence and skype communication with publishers.
Key Skills & Experience:
Intermediate English level or any other languages
Analytical skills
Proactivity and initiative, focus on the result
Attention to details
Self-motivation
Client facing skills
MS Excel, Google Spreadsheets
We are opened to candidates with no experience but a strong desire to deliver the results & learn in a fast-changing environment.Bonus Qualifications:
Understanding of the digital/mobile advertising industry
Previous experience in publisher management /app development preferred
Benefits:
Competitive compensation package
Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client
Possibility to work in a big and successful company
Long-term employment with 20 working days paid vacation and other social benefits
State of the art, cool, centrally located office with warm atmosphere, which creates really good working conditions
About LoopMe:LoopMe was founded with the mission of closing the loop on brand advertising. Our full-stack tech platform harnesses mobile data, using a powerful combination of attribution, Artificial Intelligence and analytics to deliver outstanding campaign performance against brand outcomes — consideration, purchase intent, foot traffic and offline sales.The company was founded by experienced mobile advertising executives Stephen Upstone (CEO) and Marco Van de Bergh (CTO) in 2012. LoopMe has global offices in New York, London, Chicago, LA, Atlanta, Boston, Dallas, Detroit, San Francisco, Dnipro, Singapore, Beijing, Dubai, and Johannesburg.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Support manager, 12 000 – 19 000 грн
HRTIS, приватне пiдприемство. Дніпро.
Специалист по ремонту компьютеров, 17 000 – 25 000 грн
Сервисный центр №1. Дніпро.
Помощник продавца, менеджера в компьютерную фирму (стажер), 5 000 – 12 000 грн
Vortex. Дніпро.
Контент-менеджер, копирайтер
Steko. Дніпро.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Дніпрі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3679827
Тренінги по темі «Publisher Manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor