Вакансія: Project manager, компанія MintyMint, робота у Запоріжжі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Запоріжжі
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 24 лютого 2020
Project manager
MintyMint
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Запоріжжя
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
MintyMint is developing web and mobile solutions for businesses of different forms and shapes.We are offering a full-time, long-term opportunity for a Project Manager, who will be in charge of multiple projects in and out.Qualifications & Expertise:
2+ years of experience in managing software development projects
advanced written and spoken English level
experience with preparing project proposals for web and mobile projects (timeline, budget, risks, assumptions)
experience with helping customers turn their ideas into a technical specification
solid customer-centric communication skills
high level of responsibility, adherence to deadlines
experience with Agile/Scrum process
experience using task tracking systems (JIRA/Redmine)
Responsibilities:
communication with the customer, requirements refining and preparing technical documentation
defining project objectives, scope and estimated timeline
managing production process throughout whole project lifecycle,
daily reporting
ensuring timely delivery at each project stage
ensuring that each stage of the project is delivered within the budget defined
management and consulting of team members.
We offer:
reasonably high salary
strict working schedule (Monday to Friday 09:00—18:00)
cozy office in the city center with no overtimes
paid vacation and sickdays
professional growth and knowledge progress
regular corporate events
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Проект-менеджер со знанием английского в Бердянск, 10 000 грн
Webcase. Запоріжжя.
Project manager
Light IT. Запоріжжя.
Project manager, 15 000 грн
Krichet. Запоріжжя.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Запоріжжі
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Запоріжжі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Запоріжжі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3546366
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor