Вакансія: Customer Care Consultant (fluent Spanish and English), компанія SupportYourApp, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Customer Care Consultant (fluent Spanish and English)
Fixed in USD
SupportYourApp
Телекомунікації, зв'язок;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Козацька, 120/4.
6,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Опис вакансії
Passionate about the latest trends in Tech? What if you had a chance to be a part of the world’s leading Hardware, Software of SaaS solutions? Imagine team-mates who speak 23 languages and have the most diverse professional and cultural backgrounds.Join our team as a Customer Support Consultant to kick-start your carrier in Tech.Get the most agile digitalized training and emerge into technical, and business knowledge of a product to provide a seamless experience for users all over the globe. Excited? Let’s see what it takes.Must-have skill-set:
Advanced Spanish and English
Desire to learn, research, and develop
Customer-oriented and responsible attitude
Will be a great plus:
Experience with CRM systems
Technical background
Experience with native speakers
International exchange programs participation
Customer service skills and experience
What you will do:
always be up to date with the cutting-edge technology
apply the latest and greatest customer happiness practices
provide omni-channel support (via phone, email, chat, social media)
communicate with developers and other departments of various IT-companies
become a product expert and constantly grow
We Offer:
Flexible or fixed schedule
State-of-the-art offices (feel it! https://jobs.dou.ua/companies/supportyourapp/photos/). It is considered to be the best workspace in June 2019, according to «The Village».
Compensation in USD (Financial and professional growth)
Paid intensive training and trial period
Great management with no bureaucracy
Good bonuses for referring friends (referral program)
SupportYourApp Medical Policy
Coffee, tea, candy, season fruit, and vegetables
Various sports events and team-building
Partial compensation for SportLife membership
Corporate Library
Occasional business trips
The cherry on top is you’ll get an IT business and support skill set second to none.Who are we?We are SupportYourApp, leading customer support outsourcing company. We work with 25 countries and provide BPO solutions to IT companies in 23 languages. There are amazing startups as well as leaders of the IT industry among our clients.Grab your chance to join them, and send us your CV in English pointing out your outstanding skills.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам, оператор call-центра, 10 000 – 20 000 грн
KievJob, рекрутинговое агенство. Київ.
Менеджер з продажів телеком-послуг, 20 000 – 30 000 грн
GigaTrans. Київ.
Digital Manager
Спорт-Платформа, ТОВ. Київ.
Контент-менеджер со знанием английского, немецкого, французского, 10 000 – 12 500 грн
BauMitSelect. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3852402
Тренінги по темі «Customer Care Consultant (fluent Spanish and English)»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor