Вакансія: Senior Project Manager (Source Code Scan Platform), компанія Sigma Software, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Senior Project Manager (Source Code Scan Platform)
Sigma Software
· VIP
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Наукова, 7d.
4,6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Опис вакансії
Are you eager to become an owner of a portfolio of challenging projects? Do you possess executive level of stakeholder management skills? We have a bright opportunity for you!We are in search for a self-motivated and results-driven Senior Project Manager with strong leadership skills to establish delivery supervision for our current projects and to start new projects.The main goal of the project is to develop a unique cloud-based web application to perform static code analysis. Not only development, but also DevOps and security teams will use this platform.The main advantages of the product for end-users are — possibility to scan source code, check vulnerability, and fix detected vulnerability issues early on the development stage. The best thing is that the application will work for over 25 coding and scripting languages.Responsibilities:
Assure successful deliveries of projects, compile project teams, create a healthy internal environment, and manage people’s growth
Apply the best management methodologies and practices
Control reporting scheme, identify possible risks, and develop mitigation actions
Be involved in close communications with the customers and manage customers' expectations for current projects and for new business opportunities
Requirements:
Strong knowledge of project and program management methodology, tools, and techniques
At least 5 years of project management experience
Strong risk management skills
Strong tactical planning and leadership skills
Good communication and presentation skills to communicate effectively with customers and project teams
Strong organizational, negotiation, conflict resolution capabilities
Advanced understanding of corporate environment and objectives; ability to propose solutions for their achievement
Upper-Intermediate or Advanced level of English
Strong communication and organization skills
Proactivity in finding solutions
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle Project Manager (Source Code Scan Platform)
Sigma Software. Львів.
IoT project manager with Technical Background
Lemberg Solutions Ltd.. Львів.
Регіональний координатор проекту, ІТ-фахівець, 6 600 – 8 250 грн
Українська благодійницька мережа, благодійна організація. Львів.
Project Manager (Embedded Department)
Sigma Software. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3844657
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor