Вакансія: Shift, CRM, Lead Manager, компанія AffiliateUp, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Shift, CRM, Lead Manager
От 15 000 грн (по итогам собеседования)
AffiliateUp
Маркетинг, реклама, PR;
10–50 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
AffiliateUp • is an outsourcing multinational company specializing in attracting and supporting customers in the areas of E-commerce and FinTech. Our offices are located in four countries: Ukraine, Indonesia, Malaysia and Latvia. The main focus of our company is project management and the provision of services aimed at customer service using modern communication and marketing technologies. We work with B2C and B2B market segments. We actively cooperate with foreign partners and work with countries in Europe, Asia, Latin America and Africa.Requirements:
knowledge of English at a conversational and written level — required;
experience working in a similar position with CRM, in the quality department, as an operator, in the back office will be a big advantage, but not necessary;
ability to analyze and objectively evaluate information;
desire to improve work processes.
Key tasks:
correct distribution of incoming requests between sales managers;
control of timely processing of incoming applications;
control the number of active clients on managers;
analysis of the performance of sales managers;
quality control of maintaining customer profiles in CRM (correct notes, filling in the necessary fields by managers, status compliance)
account administration in CRM;
work with Excel tables.
Working conditions:
fixed rate for the results of the interview;
adaptation and training at the expense of the company;
schedule 5/2 (from Monday to Friday) from 9.00 to 18.00;
the possibility of rapid career and professional growth;
a young, friendly, and very active team;
tea, coffee, sweets and fruits at the expense of the company;
a cozy office in the city center in the 1st minute walk from the metro;
regular trainings and corporate parties.
If you are ready to become a part of our team, we are waiting for your CV!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Пиар-менеджер, 15 000 – 25 000 грн
Khany&aliyeva, дизайн-студия. Київ.
Digital Manager
Спорт-Платформа, ТОВ. Київ.
Контент-менеджер со знанием английского, немецкого, французского, 10 000 – 12 500 грн
BauMitSelect. Київ.
Менеджер з розвитку інновацій
Райффайзен Банк Аваль. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3801162
Тренінги по темі «Shift, CRM, Lead Manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor