Вакансія: Financial manager GAAP, IFRS (IT), компанія PortaOne, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Фінансовий менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Financial manager GAAP, IFRS (IT)
PortaOne
Телекомунікації, зв'язок;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
PortaOne is a leading global software developer for modern telecommunication companies. Our B/OSS & OCS and SBC & C4−5 softswitch solutions enable operators, telecommunication service providers, and carriers to run a broad line of retail, enterprise, SME, and wholesale services on a single integrated software platform. PortaOne’s flagship platforms, PortaSwitch and PortaBilling are fundamental parts of the business infrastructure for over 450 service providers and telcos in 90+ countries worldwide. PortaOne’s team is looking for a Finance Manager who will set-up and lead financial function of our Company. Key Responsibilities: • Build out a financial function within the Company almost from scratch; • Build out the reporting (both consolidation and stand-alone) with accordance with IFRS standards and UA GAAP; • Improve existing management accounting practice; • Budgeting and forecasting on a regular basis; • Actively engaged with external parties (auditors); • Ad-hoc financial analysis (what-if analysis; FX, tax, market risk impact analysis etc); • Preparation of financial/statistical/analytical models and presenting them to stakeholders; • Participation in tax and transfer pricing planning projects; • Consulting stakeholders on financial questions. Requirements:
• Degree in Economics, Banking, Finance or related science; • 5+ years of experience in Finance, Controlling preferably in an international company; • Professional CMA (Certified Management Accountant) education is a must; • Upper-Intermediate or Advanced English; • Experience at Big4 will be an advantage; • Advanced MS Office user (especially Excel) and 1C accounting systems; • Attention to details, strong analytical and problem-solving skills; • Strong communication and written skills, ability to convince opponents on the truth of one’s judgments; • Ability to work under pressure of deadlines in a dynamic environment. We offer: • Fair compensation that allows employees to focus on Company development and their own professional growth; • Comfortable working conditions: an office with all the modern conveniences, including free lunches & snacks; • Corporate and team-building events, where we celebrate the successes and achievements of our teams and the company.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Финансовый аналитик, менеджер по МСФО, 20 000 – 50 000 грн
Avis. Київ.
Финансовый менеджер, 12 000 – 15 000 грн
IT-Link. Київ.
Финансист (IT, Лукьяновка)
Darwin Global. Київ.
Финансист (IT, Лукьяновка)
Darwin Global. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Фінансовий аналітик
Фінансист
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Financial manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Фінанси, банк
Бухгалтерія, аудит
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата фінансового менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3702140
Гарячі вакансії
Специалист финансового отдела.
15 000 – 20 000 грн.
Гелексі Фінанс. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Financial manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor