Вакансія: IT Delivery Manager, компанія Райффайзен Банк Аваль, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
IT Delivery Manager
Райффайзен Банк Аваль
· VIP
Фінанси, банки, страхування;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Ярославська, 58.
2,5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We are looking for a passionate, responsible, communicative and driving for result manager, who is interested to play an important role in adaptive setups.What to do:
Work closely with Product Owner and Enterprise Architect to define the Product Stream backlog and the Release Plan
Ensure that the delivered solution fits to the overall IT strategy and IT goals/tasks are reflected in the Product Backlog
First escalation instance on IT side for Product Owner, Scrum Master and IT (Team)
Ensure proper involvement of all IT roles, IT resource management for Adaptive team
Accountable for delivery of Product Stream IT deliverables
Manage IT risks and technical interdependencies
Responsible for IT contracts management
Responsible for organization of IT environments (DEV,QAT, UAT, PROD) and required access rights
What you need:
IT Education: University degree in IT or IT related specialty
Project management experience (3+ years) for large scale IT Projects in banking area, successful projects implementation
Good IT management skills and understanding of IT processes (Change Management, Release management and others)
Good command of technical English, ability to communicate and negotiate with different management levels
Knowledge of Scrum, Kanban, Waterfall methodology, roles, activities and process outputs for software development
Strong organizational and problem solving competency;
Strong interpersonal/social skills
What we offer:
Join a large international company that gives possibility for professional and personal growth
Involvement in challenging, large-scale and diverse projects which have impact for the customers
Knowledge sharing with colleagues from abroad (strong IT community including 14 Raiffeisen Group Banks)
Competitive salary
Official employment, 28 days of paid vacation
In-company events and involvement into social projects
Become a part of our success story!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Digital Manager
Спорт-Платформа, ТОВ. Київ.
Контент-менеджер со знанием английского, немецкого, французского, 10 000 – 12 500 грн
BauMitSelect. Київ.
Аккаунт-, Project-manager, 12 000 грн
Авеб. Київ.
SEO-специалист (Middle+)
Boosta ltd.. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3542569
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor