Вакансія: SMM-менеджер, 10 000 – 25 000 грн, компанія Tecwi Engineering, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
SMM-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 25 лютого 2020
SMM-менеджер
10 000 – 25 000 грн
Tecwi Engineering
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість, дистанційна робота, готові взяти студента, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
We’re looking for SMM and digital marketing specialist.We are distributed team with members working from Switzerland, Poland and Ukraine, so the position is remote but assumes full-time work and more importantly 100% loyalty and dedication, so candidates trying to have more projects in parallel are not considered. From our side we offer:
Flexibility in working hours
Invest in you as a specialist (budget for events and educational courses and certification)
Freedom in experiments
Promotion and career growth as the product grows
Responsibilities:
Designing and executing digital marketing strategies across various channels
Supervise all elements of Social Media Marketing (SMM) campaign management
Design and develop marketing materials for website and social media
Essential skills
Facebook, Instagram: ecosystem, promotion, analytics, targeting
Writing of creative posts;
Managing Ads in social media;
Experience in analytics tools (Google Analytics)
Knowledge of Photoshop, Illustrator or some other graphic editor.
Would be a plus
Expertise in lead generating tools and strategies
Experience managing email marketing campaigns;
Any level in one more language — German or French;
Understanding CEO
ProjectSaaS platform for barbershops and beauty salons targeting Switzerland, UK, USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and soon Germany, France, Italy.How to ApplyTo apply, please answer the following questions:
Availability — what time it will take you to start after a positive decision
Your current location and timezone. Can you do 8 hours by Central European time?
Level of English
Salary expectations (optional if within provided range)
We usually don’t respond if the application doesn’t start by answering these questions.Part time is not available.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Facebook Mediabuyer (арбитраж, маркетинг), 40 000 – 100 000 грн
Next App. Київ.
Менеджер по поиску людей для размещения прямой рекламы Facebook, Instagram, 17 000 грн
IQ Top. Київ.
Помощница маркетолога, менеджер рекламных аккаунтов Facebook, 20 000 грн
IQ Top. Київ.
Ведущий, блогер, 20 000 – 35 000 грн
Payphone X. Київ.
SMM-менеджер (Америка, IT-послуги) ​, 28 000 – 280 000 грн
Soft.ua. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
SMM-менеджер
Таргетолог
Блогер
Контент-менеджер
Менеджер з реклами
Content manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата SMM-менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3835469
Гарячі вакансії
Software Engineer (Networking).
Codeminders. Київ.
Системный администратор.
18 000 грн.
СмартШоп. Київ.
Content QC, text quality controller, editor.
Master Call LLC. Київ.
Менеджер по интеграции баз данных.
18 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Marketing controlling specialist, economist.
Artcom venture GmbH. Київ.
Програміст 1С.
Хлібні інвестиції. Київ.
Middle Front End разработчик.
40 000 грн.*
Стар Вей Медиа. Київ.
Менеджер з зовнішньої реклами.
18 000 грн.
Червоний Маркет. Київ.
Тестировщик 1С.
ВиЯр. Київ.
Менеджер проектов в благотворительный фонд.
63 000 грн.*
Правэкс, ООО. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «SMM-менеджер»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor