Вакансія: Social media manager, 6 000 – 7 000 грн, компанія Language Coaching Geneva Sarl, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер з соцмереж
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Social media manager
6 000 – 7 000 грн
Language Coaching Geneva Sarl
Освіта, наука;
менше 10 співробітників
Київ, Shota Rustaveli Street, 3.
1,1 км від центру ·
На мапі
Неповна зайнятість, дистанційна робота, готові взяти студента, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Середня спеціальна освіта.
Опис вакансії
ONLY APPLICATIONS IN ENGLISH WILL BE CONSIDEREDSOCIAL MEDIA SPECIALISTLooking for a part-time (20 hrs a week) Social Media manager for a growing language school based in Europe.Responsibilities include:FACEBOOK:•Create a strategy for Facebook •Post-daily posts•Create content (images with logo, text)•Create videos (Edit and add text and sometimes music)•Find videos we can buy from others with our logo•Get familiar with the country where the company is based and with the city where its head office is to be able to share the right content for target audience•Increase followers and interact with the audience organically•Create sponsored posts•Analyse analytics monthly and create reports to increase visibility, followers and online presenceINSTAGRAM:•Create a strategy in line with the brand image•Create posts daily•Follow the right groups/influencers•Tag the right hash tags to increase followers base•Interact with followers and answer comments•Create videos•Analyse analytics monthly and create reports to increase visibility, followers and online presenceYOU TUBE CHANNEL:•Optimize You Tube channel •Post videosGOOGLE:•Optimize Google + •Add pictures, services to increase SEO and visibilityProfile required:•Bachelors or Master’s degree in digital marketing or equivalent•3 + years of proven experience working in a similar role•References available of previous employers•Long-term serious collaboration•Very organized, enthusiastic, rigorous, self-starter, creative and attention to details•Good knowledge of MS pack, iMovie or equivalent, basic design knowledge•Curious, willing to learn•C2 level of English with excellent writing skills (no spelling mistakes)•Must have a very strong/fast internet connexion and a quiet office space during office hours.Nice to have:•Portfolio available (articles, videos, social media accounts etc.)•Fluent in French and in English•Willing to learn and do regular online trainings to develop skillsSalary: First 3 months 200 euros/month, then 250 euros/month with year end bonus based on performance.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Facebook Mediabuyer (арбитраж, маркетинг), 40 000 – 100 000 грн
Next App. Київ.
Менеджер по поиску людей для размещения прямой рекламы Facebook, Instagram, 17 000 грн
IQ Top. Київ.
Помощница маркетолога, менеджер рекламных аккаунтов Facebook, 20 000 грн
IQ Top. Київ.
Ведущий, блогер, 20 000 – 35 000 грн
Payphone X. Київ.
SMM-менеджер (Америка, IT-послуги) ​, 28 000 – 280 000 грн
Soft.ua. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
SMM-менеджер
Таргетолог
Блогер
Контент-менеджер
Менеджер з реклами
Content manager
Social media manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з соцмереж у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3849758
Гарячі вакансії
Системный администратор облачных сервисов.
28 000 – 32 000 грн.
De Novo. Київ.
Системный администратор.
Мир Инструмента Украина. Київ.
Senior 2D Artist (UI).
Voki Games. Київ.
Аналитик.
Rost Group. Київ.
Senior Front-End Web Developer (React.JS).
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Маркетолог-аналітик.
StarLightMedia. Київ.
Senior QA engineer (manual).
Micro Focus. Київ.
2D Character Artist.
Voki Games. Київ.
Senior Video Software Engineer (С++).
Codeminders. Київ.
Customer support representative.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Social media manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor