Вакансія: IT manager, 22 000 грн, компанія Intercloud Ltd., робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 28 лютого 2020
IT manager
22 000 грн · Based on skills and experience
Intercloud Ltd.
IT;
менше 10 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
An international cloud-provider company that delivers cloud computing based services, solutions to businesses and individuals is looking for experienced IT staff to join the team! We are opening a new office in Kyiv, Ukraine, so it’s a great opportunity for the skilled locals to work for us! You’ll have a lot of responsibilities from working with multiple internal tools, networks, and equipment configuration to simplifying routine processes for greater efficiency and providing better IT services.Your role will impact our team because you will help them solve a wide variety of IT requests and implement new projects. Are you a customer-focused team player, who would like to become part of a fast-growing IT company? Would you like to take an opportunity to drive your career?We are looking for bright people with following criterias:• At least 2 years of experience:
in Linux
in WHM/cPanel
Basic Networking (IP / Subnet etc)
• Advanced English (professional level of reading/writing/speaking)• Ability to work in the evening 2−3 times a week• Ability to have 4−5 business trips abroad a year• B.S.c — an advantage• Knowledge in server hardware — HUGE advantage• 25+ years oldIf this sounds like you, please send you CV/Resume (in English!) on email:[відгукнутися] by March 12th.We’re looking for unique smart people, who will become great assets to our company. Having a diverse, inclusive and respectful workplace is important to us. And we support your career development, internal mobility and work-life balance! If you have any questions about the application process, please feel free to contact me via email [відгукнутися]! We’re looking forward to receiving your applications!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
IT sales manager (B2B), 55 000 грн
De Novo. Київ.
SMM-менеджер (Америка, IT-послуги) ​, 28 000 – 280 000 грн
Soft.ua. Київ.
IT Project manager
WebbyLab. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам IT-услуг
Дабл-Ю Нет Юкрейн, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер з продажів IT-обладнання
ERC. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3840316
Тренінги по темі «IT manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor