Вакансія: Product Manager, Analyst, компанія SocialTech, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Продукт-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Product Manager, Analyst
SocialTech
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Кирилівська, 42-40.
2,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
SocialTech — one of the largest projects of Genesis is searching for a talented and highly motivated person to fill the position of Product Analyst. Our 250+ professionals team has unique product experience and is already one of the leaders internationally in its niche. We develop proprietary products that are used by millions of people around the world and we continue to show 2-digit growth annually in all key performance indicators.Our main values are people and the team. We are constantly in search of outstanding result-oriented individuals, who will be directly impacting our products and businesses. With us, you will be given limitless opportunities for development and freedom of choice of your way of success. We have plenty of interesting tasks, ambitious goals, and challenges for you.We launched a startup back in September and are now looking for a person to enhance a small team of senior specialists by providing them with data-driven guidance in product development.Main responsibilities:
Become the responsible party for product analytics: build funnels, evaluate retention, calculate marketing ROI, etc.
Conduct and evaluate A/B/n tests.
Make data-driven day-to-day decisions about product development: give advice on what features should be developed or even own the whole feature development lifecycle.
Get involved in product strategy development.
An ideal candidate should have the following skills:
Confirmed track record in product/marketing/sales/financial analytics (you have solved complex analytics tasks: volume forecasts, retention prediction, etc.).
Hands-on experience with 1+ of the following instruments:
SQL;
Python/R
Tableau/Power BI/Qlik
Solid knowledge in conducting A/B, A/B/n, A/A tests.
Understanding of UI/UX principles.
Understanding of the feature development lifecycle.
We expect you to be:
Proactive — you don’t wait until someone gives you a task, you know what to do yourself.
Result-oriented — you are driven by the tangible impact and it doesn’t matter how you achieve it.
Ambitious — you want to become the best in whatever you do.
Positive — «this is not a problem, it’s an opportunity».
Open-minded — you acknowledge your mistakes and take responsibility for them.
Great in verbal and written communications.
We offer:
Fast-growing startup (we expect to grow 200x in the next year).
Competitive salary and excellent compensation package (you are going to be the first analyst in a company (besides founder) — a great career opportunity.
Challenging tasks (our business model is the hardest one to analyze, model and forecast) with lots of data (5 petabytes of traffic only in August).
Feedback-driven and open-minded culture and fair recognition of strong contributors to the company’s success (no politics, only open feedback).
A team of sports enthusiasts who believe in the importance of physical and emotional well-being.
Exceptional opportunities for professional growth: in-house training sessions and seminars, corporate library, English classes.
Flexible work schedule and a comfortable modern office located 5 minutes from the Tarasa Shevchenka metro station (including a spacious sunny terrace, free breakfasts and lunches, Sony PlayStation 4, and many more exciting things).
We are looking forward to hearing from you!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Business Analyst, Product Owner
GBKSoft. Київ.
Аналитик, Product Manager
Fullmoon.agency. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Продакт-менеджер
Продукт-менеджер
Product manager
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing manager
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата продукт-менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3809591
Гарячі вакансії
Аналитик.
Rost Group. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Product manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor