Вакансія: Переводчик, Customer support manager, компанія Squro, робота у Запоріжжі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Запоріжжі
Менеджер підтримки користувачів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Переводчик, Customer support manager
Squro
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Запоріжжя
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Due to the constant growth and business expansion we are looking for Customer Support Manager.About us:Squro is a fast-growing IT company that provides a wide range of high-quality products, information technology solutions and services by leveraging best practices, cutting-edge development methodologies, industry standards, well-structured project management system. Since the foundation in 2006, Squro has earned a reputation as an innovative and reliable company among our partners worldwide. We believe our employees are the foundation of our success and we are always on the lookout for talented people with a strong passion for information technologies to join our team.Main requirements:
Higher education (we are also considering applications from undergraduates)
Excellent verbal communication and solid writing skills are required
Upper-Intermediate or higher level of English is a must
Advanced PC/Internet user
Experience in a similar position (e.g., support, call-center) would be a plus
Job responsibilities:
Provide professional customer support
Respond to e-mail tickets, live chats to assist customers with a broad range of product-related issues
Develop and maintain knowledge bases
Actively participate in project development
We offer:
Respectable salary (by results of the interview)
Interesting long-term projects
Unlimited personal and professional growth opportunities
Free of charge fruits, yoghurts every day
Corporate fitness facilities
Willingness to work on a shift schedule (from 9:00 to 21:00 / day off, from 21:00 to 9:00 / 2 days of the weekend)
Comfortable working environment, modern office
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Customer Support Representative, interpreter, sales manager, 12 000 грн
Polaris Transportation. Запоріжжя.
Копирайтер-переводчик (английский язык)
Сool.club. Запоріжжя.
Support manager (английский язык)
Qwerty.Software. Запоріжжя.
Менеджер ВЭД, переводчик (английский или немецкий язык)
Запорожский завод цветных металлов, ООО. Запоріжжя.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Запоріжжі
Перекладач англійської
Перекладач у шлюбну агенцію
English translator
English interpreter
Переводчик
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Освіта, наука
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Запоріжжі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера підтримки користувачів в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3228947
Тренінги по темі «Переводчик»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor