Вакансія: Customer Support Manager, компанія SocialTech, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер підтримки користувачів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 22 березня 2020
Customer Support Manager
SocialTech
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Козацька, 122.
6,3 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
SocialTech is a global consumer IT-company specialised in Social Discovery industry. We develop our own products, which are used by millions of people around the world. SocialTech is already one of the leaders in its niche, and at the same time we continue to grow by hundreds percent per year in all KPI.TrusTech is a team of young specialists in the area of technical support. There are more than 80 happy faces in our team and we are co-operating with major client in the dating sphere.At the moment we have an open position of Customer Support. If you want to develop your skills in English, communication or try yourself in an IT-company — this opportunity is for you. We are looking for active young people to be a part of our team in Kyiv office.You will be a perfect fit for us, if you are able to:
Speak English fluently and understand native speakers with ease.
Handle business emailing like Elon Musk.
Convince anyone in anything.
Adapt and learn easily as we are a fast growing team and offer many opportunities which will help you develop your personal and professional skills.
Smile with the tone of voice and type as fast as if you’re running from a cheetah.
Work night shifts (2 per week).
So, you’ll be responsible for:
Verbal and written communication with our customers.
Handling 1st level support cases on all issues.
Ensuring that each customer receives outstanding service.
Active communication with other departments to ensure that a complicated case may be resolved and the customer remains happy.
What differs us from others:
Ability to develop yourself and change the position fast (ShiftLead, TeamLead, Billing, QA, Technical Support).
Opportunity to move between projects, if you have the necessary skills and desire.
Not only unlimited tea and cookies, but also FULL DINNER catering (even during night shifts).
FREE trainings, lectures and workshops on every aspect of working in IT (development, marketing, design etc.).
Super fun team building events in a friendly and supportive atmosphere.
You will have more merchandise than your favorite band can offer, that you can post to your Instagram (hoodies, t-shirts, notebooks, bum-bags).
Cool office, designed specifically for Support Team (so you will have the ability to work on the sofa or while making tea) and relax playing ping-pong, PS4 or smoking Shisha.
We have our own BAR, can your previous workplace show that off? :)
Don’t think for too long, not to miss your chance! Apply now and get free coffee/tea and a chocolate bar during the interview! :)
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Консультант клієнтської підтримки
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Quality manager (Customer Support department)
Eurosender. Київ.
Support/Fraud Manager for Payment gateway
Gamingtec. Київ.
Customer support manager
AIR. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Customer support manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера підтримки користувачів у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3775061
Гарячі вакансії
Software Engineer (Networking).
Codeminders. Київ.
Програміст 1С.
Хлібні інвестиції. Київ.
Оператор call-центра в отдел продаж.
15 000 грн.*
Oiler. Київ.
Оператор call-центра.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Интернет-маркетолог.
25 000 – 30 000 грн.*
Время Газа. Київ.
Системный администратор облачных сервисов.
28 000 – 32 000 грн.
De Novo. Київ.
Customer Care Expert (English).
WIX. Київ.
Оператор колл-центра (финансовая сфера).
15 000 грн.*
Бізнес Позика, ТОВ. Київ.
Senior Video Software Engineer (С++).
Codeminders. Київ.
Business process development manager.
Vega, телекоммуникационная группа. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor