Вакансія: Project Manager, компанія ProSteer Group, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Project Manager
ProSteer Group
Група компаній;
50–250 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Донецька, 8.
1,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Ірина Якібчук ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Опис вакансії
We’re looking for a skilled and result-oriented project manager to ensure uninterrupted and effective execution of company’s software projects Main Responsibilities:
Project planning — define, estimate, schedule, and document all the work required to achieve company’s goals
Project control — manage, monitor, and forecast the project to ensure successful delivery within the given constraints
Conduct project presentations and compile reports
Report project progress/status to company management and internal stakeholders on a regular basis
Drive and support continuous project’s improvement
Work closely with the development team
Managing project team, monitor team performance
Manage project risks
Develop, manage, and keep project management documentation up-to-date
Requirements:
4+ years of relevant experience in project management
Confidence in people management
Deep theoretical and practical knowledge in business analysis
Practical knowledge of different software development methodologies and frameworks (SCRUM etc)
Excellent organizational and time-management skills
Excellent communication skills and meeting facilitation skills
Being self-motivated and proactive person
Understanding of good UI/UX practices
Upper-Intermediate or higher level of English
We offer:
Long-term employment with annual paid vacation (20 working days) and paid sick leave
Steady job opportunity with various possibilities for professional growth and advancement
Flexible working hours
Numerous possibilities to improve your skills within ProSteer Corporate University, paid external educational programs, workshops, training, etc.
Language classes (Polish, Spanish, and English)
Spacious office with green garden, relax zone and a playground
Work-rest balance support (yoga, massage, etc.)
Secure car and bike parking place
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle Project Manager (Source Code Scan Platform)
Sigma Software. Львів.
Проектний менеджер в управління розвитку бізнесу
Львів, банк. Львів.
Керівник проектів
Інтер Бір Трейд, ТОВ. Львів.
Регіональний координатор проекту, ІТ-фахівець, 6 600 – 8 250 грн
Українська благодійницька мережа, благодійна організація. Львів.
Керівник проектів систем безпеки
Барком, корпорація. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Адмiнiстрацiя, керівництво середньої ланки
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3842721
Гарячі вакансії
Robotics Process Automation Junior Specialist.
PwC Service Delivery Center. Львів.
Начальник відділення банку.
Глобус, КБ, ПАО. Львів.
Middle/Senior App Developer.
MSV Multicall. Львів.
Спеціаліст з інформаційно-консультаційної підтримки (сербська, хорватська).
23 000 грн.
Ранвей Україна, ТОВ. Львів.
Customer support, Risk Analyst.
10 000 – 18 000 грн.
PayPro Ukraine. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor