Вакансія: Business process development manager, компанія Vega, телекоммуникационная группа, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер з розвитку
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Гаряча вакансія
Business process development manager
Vega, телекоммуникационная группа
Телекомунікації, зв'язок;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Опис вакансії
Mission: Ensuring efficient business processes across organization in line with Company’s strategyReporting to: CEODuties:
Generate, initiate, model, describe, ensure implementation /optimization of business processes. Control of the performance and monitoring of the progress.
Analysis of existing business processes, preparation of necessary data for decision-making.
Automation and simplification of existing business processes, activities targeting increase of their efficiency (primarily, but not limited to sales, customer care and technical support).
Methodological and advisory support to business owners/users of business processes, especially during implementation/change stage.
Requirements:
Higher education
English — advanced (both — writing and speaking)
Relevant experience in similar position in telecommunications is a must (3+ years)
Practical experience of project management, cross-functional in particular.
Strategic thinking, deep analytical skills, ability to see the «whole picture»
Advanced organizational skills, high level of communication and negotiation skills.
Working conditions:
Official employment and assurance of all social guarantees
Official payments and securing all requirements of labor legislation
Medical insurance after probation period
Vacation — 27 calendar days
Corporate mobile connection
Schedule: Monday-Friday (9am — 6pm)
Office location: Solomyanska square
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
New business manager, менеджер проектов (4 всадника Koloro), 15 000 – 35 000 грн
Koloro, брендинговое агентство. Київ.
Trainee/Junior IT Sales, Business Development Manager
ITExpert. Київ.
Business Development Manager (Apps)
Admixer Technologies. Київ.
E-mail Business Development Specialist, 35 000 – 55 000 грн
Eurosender. Київ.
IT Sales Manager (Business Development), 35 000 – 50 000 грн
Silvito. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер з розвитку
Регіональний менеджер
Територіальний менеджер
Регіональний представник
Development manager
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з розвитку у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3858423
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor