Вакансія: Project Manager, компанія JatApp, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Project Manager
JatApp
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
JatApp is a group of successful companies that combines product development and software outsourcing business. Our products portfolio includes a wide range of web & mobile apps within utilities, social, business and security niches. We are proud that more than 20 million users interact with our creations on a daily basis. Main mission of JatApp products is to make people’s lives brighter and easier by offering cutting-edge solutions and the best user experience.Among our top products is a highly loaded VPN solution. We are looking for a professional Project Manager to join our Technical team. Our perfect match has great organizational and analytical skills alongside with a huge desire to build an outstanding software product.Required Skills:
At least 1 year of project management experience in software development projects;
Excellent written and verbal communication skills;
Ability to work effectively as a project team leader;
Strong analytical skills and ability to make data-driven decisions
Upper-intermediate level of written and spoken English
Responsibilities:
Management of full-cycle development process for a variety of platforms: iOS, Android, Mac, Windows, browser extensions to deliver new features to the market;
Participating in roadmap development, its execution control and updating team members about the results;
Be responsible for delivery processes: release planning, quality control and deployment;
Defining product objectives, scoping, providing estimates with technical team members, preparing technical documentation;
Providing leadership and motivation for team members to meet business objectives;
Facilitating meetings, executing status reporting, providing clear feedback;
Regular analysis of the financial indicators in order to timely identify zones for improvement;
Establishing close communication with business stakeholders;
Own decision making within a defined level of authority.
We offer:
Office within walking distance from the metro
Flexible schedule (starting from 9 to 11 am, 8-hour workday)
Paid sick leaves and 20 paid vacation days
Corporate English courses, professional development courses
Corporate library
Free daily lunches and unlimited cofee/tea/milk
100% compensation of gym
Medical insurance.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Аккаунт-, Project-manager, 12 000 грн
Авеб. Київ.
Project manager
НІК-Електроніка. Київ.
IT Project manager
WebbyLab. Київ.
Project Sales manager
Дабл-Ю Нет Юкрейн, ТОВ. Київ.
Бизнес-аналитик, менеджер проектов
Hegelmann Transporte. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3725325
Гарячі вакансії
Senior Video Software Engineer (С++).
Codeminders. Київ.
Customer Support Consultant (fluent Spanish and English).
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Инженер компьютерных сетей и информационной безопасности.
Global Bilgi. Київ.
Системный администратор облачных сервисов.
28 000 – 32 000 грн.
De Novo. Київ.
Senior 2D Artist (UI).
Voki Games. Київ.
Customer support representative.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
2D Character Artist.
Voki Games. Київ.
Тестировщик 1С.
ВиЯр. Київ.
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor