Вакансія: Operations Manager, компанія Glovo, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Операційний менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 12 березня 2020
Operations Manager
Glovo · VIP
Транспорт, логістика;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
About Glovo:We’re a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Hispanic America and Africa. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day. We currently deliver over +40M annual orders and operate in 22 countries, and in 248 cities.Our vision and ambition are not only to make everything immediately available in your city but it is also to offer our employees the job of their lives. A job where you’ll be challenged and have the most fun working in through tech-enabled experiences.Your work-life opportunity:As an Operations Manager, you will be responsible for building a supply structure, framing your city and engaging with and retaining couriers (glovers, as we like to call them). The Glovers, are a key player in Glovo’s marketplace and you will need to ensure the long-term sustainability of the fleet, as well as its daily performance.Be a part of a team where you will:
Framing the launching city, building the on-demand infrastructure from scratch
Develop and optimize processes as the city scales — Thinking about what the processes will look like a few weeks into operations VS few months
Maintenance and analysis of business reports and information to aid in the basic decision-making process of supply chain operational needs, including daily, weekly and monthly reports indicating full operational status concerning to the flow
Manage communication with Third Party Logistics Providers (3PL) related to the distribution network
Understand, deep-dive and have a complete understanding of the local supply situation at all times
Identify channels to source new leads and potential Glovers through both online and offline medium
Analyze daily and weekly operation metrics with a macro view of the long-term success of the city
Optimize delivery times and Glover earnings
Develop analytical frameworks and models for your city and the region
You have:
Degree in Engineering, Economics or similar preferred
4+ years' experience and demonstrated past achievements in a fast-paced Supply Chain or Operations /Corporate Finance / Consulting or related experience
Experience in on-demand delivery is a plus
Analytical skills are a must
Knowledge of SQL preferred
Results oriented, autonomous and efficient
Leadership — you can motivate your teammates. You’re great at making tough decisions in a sea of ambiguity and keeping everyone on track
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:
Enticing Phantom Shares plan
Attractive Relocation package (if applicable)
Cool perks such as free coffee every day, Culture Days every 2 months!
Flexible working environment
What you’ll find when working at Glovo:
Gas: We work hard with energy and passion for what we do.
Care: We act in the best interest of a sustainable future
Good vibes: We always see the positive side in every situation and act with fairness and honesty with everyone.
Stay Humble: We embrace mistakes and feedback to learn from them.
Glownership: We roll up our sleeves and get work done no matter our position and level.
If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Engagement Manager (Strategy and Operations) for Ciklum
Ciklum. Київ.
Управляющий, операционный менеджер салона красоты для животных, 15 000 – 20 000 грн
Vogue Dog, Beauty-bar для животных. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Директор
Керуючий
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Начальник
Управляючий
Керівник
Заступник директора
Клієнт-менеджер
Account manager
Operations manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Адмiнiстрацiя, керівництво середньої ланки
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата операційного менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3835139
Гарячі вакансії
Business process development manager.
Vega, телекоммуникационная группа. Київ.
Senior Video Software Engineer (С++).
Codeminders. Київ.
Интернет-маркетолог.
25 000 – 30 000 грн.*
Время Газа. Київ.
Керуючий магазином.
Megasport, торговая сеть. Київ.
Senior QA engineer (manual).
Micro Focus. Київ.
Завідувач складом.
15 000 грн.*
Грин, группа компаний (Грин Трейд, Ла-Кондитерра). Київ.
Customer Support Consultant (fluent Spanish and English).
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Web-программист.
20 000 грн.*
Коротень А. М., ФЛП. Київ.
Senior Front-End Web Developer (React.JS).
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Заступник керуючого магазину (Борщагівка).
Фора, ТОВ. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor