Вакансія: Copywriter, content Manager, компанія Acumen International, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Контент-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Copywriter, content Manager
Acumen International · Агенція
Пошук персоналу, HR;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Джона Маккейна, 26.
3,7 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We’re looking for a motivated and experienced Copywriter & content Manager to write sales-oriented copy that would be distributed on our company website, social networks, and other external listings.Our 'content strategy' is to create content that would help us «voice» our company’s values and achieve our business goals by meeting our clients' needs. The ideal candidate should be a formidable writer with experience in the HR field and should understand engagement strategies and lead-generation principles in order to create a conversion-oriented copy. The candidate must know SEO optimization basics: semantic core & keywords. Knowledge of services to define keywords, Wordpress, PPC principles is a plus. Responsibilities:
Writing conversion-oriented articles and blog posts;
Rewrite and repurpose existing content and distribute it on various resources with backlinks to the company website
Ordering, proofreading and editing content submitted by external vendors
Publishing content on our websites
Internal linking of the published content
Ensuring all content tasks and requests are completed in a professional and timely manner.
What exactly you will need to do:
Formulating tasks and monitoring their completion
Checking and editing content
SEO optimization of texts according to the given guides
Publishing content on the website
Reporting activities
Searching freelancers through foreign platforms for freelancers
So, if you have:
Experience in a similar position (not less than 1 year), preferably in the B-to-B sector. Preference will be given to candidates with experience in writing content for HR, payroll, finance, IT & Telecom fields
Knowledge of English — Fluent is a must
Skills of publishing content on the websites (WordPress)
Experience in managing a team of freelancers / external vendors
Communicativeness, high level of responsibility, fast-learner
Self-organization capacity (Ability to organize the work of freelancers and meet tight deadlines)
Will be a Plus:
Availability of the portfolio, own base of writers
Knowledge of a second foreign language (German/French)
Understanding SEO principles for content (keywords, content relevance)
Knowing the basics of HTML to publish content on a website
Do not hesitate to apply here
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Копирайтер, контент-менеджер в интернет-магазин, 8 500 грн
Альянс-СВ, ПП (интернет-магазин). Київ.
Контент-менеджер, копирайтер, 12 000 – 20 000 грн
IMS-Group. Київ.
Контент-менеджер, копирайтер, 16 000 грн
T.H.E. Capital, агентство недвижимости. Київ.
SMM-специалист, копирайтер, контент-менеджер, 8 000 – 15 000 грн
Easy China Business. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Копірайтер
Copywriter
Рерайтер
Rewriter
Автор текстів
Контент-менеджер
Content manager
Контентщик
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
ЗМІ, видавництво, поліграфія
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата контент-менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3785347
Тренінги по темі «Copywriter»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor