Вакансія: Project manager, компанія InterLink, IT-компания, робота у Черкасах — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Черкасах
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Project manager
InterLink, IT-компания
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Черкаси
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
ABOUT COMPANYInterLink has been working in the market of custom software development since 2000. Asone of the first companies to join the Agile movement, InterLink actively applies SCRUM for cross-functional teams. The company provides a training course encouraging professional growth at various levels. There are three development centers in Ukraine and a representative office in Great Britain. Among our customers: Nokia, Xerox.CANDIDATE QUALIFICATIONS AND REQUIREMENTSThe ideal candidate should:
Have at least 1 year of experience in team management;
Have strong leadership skills;
Be an effective communicator;
Be able to take responsibility for his or her own decisions and the decisions made by the project team;
Be highly organized, result oriented and attentive to details;
Be self-motivated, proactive, and have the ability to multitask, work under pressure and meet deadlines;
Have the desire to learn and develop oneself;
Have the ability to work effectively in a dynamic environment;
Have good written and spoken English skills.
WOULD BE A PLUS
An analytical mindset;
Presentation skills.
RESPONSIBILITIES
To deliver software projects;
To manage and supervise a project team;
Be responsible for analysis, planning and reporting;
Communicate with the customer and team effectively;
To meet deadlines.
WE OFFER
Formal employment and an attractive compensation package;
High salary depending on candidate professional level;
Mentoring on professional development;
Interesting projects and challenging tasks;
Conference attendance and trips (at will);
Friendly staff, creative corporate events, focused interest groups;
Free English language courses;
Conveniently located office.
For more information please visit the following links: https://www.facebook.com/interlinkuahttps://blog.interlink-ua.com
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Project Manager
Master of Code Global. Черкаси.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Черкасах
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Черкасах
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3063991
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor