Вакансія: Physician-Expert for Medical IT Project, компанія Medical Brain™, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
ІТ-експерт
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Physician-Expert for Medical IT Project
Based on experience and skills
Medical Brain™
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Anna Pasieka ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
The job at the junction of medicine and IT. Medical Brain, a US-based Medical Software (IT) company, is dedicated to improving the delivery of high quality patient care through the use of its innovative Medical Brain™ technology: a real-time clinical decision and advisory support platform delivering best practices and guidelines across the entire clinical spectrum.Now we are looking for a Physician-Expert to join our friendly Medical Brainoffice in Kyiv. We are definitely interested if:
You have higher medical education (medical doctor)
Clinical experience 1 year +
Your English level is Upper Intermediate+ (medical terminology is a must)
You are proactive and open-minded
You are responsible, have a strong attention to details and analytical mindset
You have a great desire and ability to learn new things
You wish to work in Medical IT stabile company
You are interested in a long-term full-time job
You are research oriented (experienced in participating the conferences and making publications)
The main responsibilities are:
analyzing the information from the newest US guidelines and updating the database of Medical Brain™ — artificial intelligence technology — in collaboration with other physicians and Data Scientist (who is specialized in in-depth data analysis)
recognition and labeling medical information according to the special algorithm
The advantages of joining us are:
Huge professional growth (through the study of the of American clinics' experience and patient treatment practices, new technologies which are used there).
An opportunity to save lives of thousands of people around the world. (our technology is used in clinics in the United States, Israel, Canada) and the results are great.
Work at the junction of medicine and IT (which is very promising in the future).
Benefits:
healthPrecision team is a group of talented, progressive and passionate people with diverse interests and backgrounds. Our team shares a common vision and promotes a culture of openness and forward-thinking.
We provide benefits and perks to keep our employees happy, help boost creativity and productivity and also make the work atmosphere more inviting and really worth being a part of.
We offer:
Lighthearted, inspiring and open company culture
Competitive salary (based on experience and skills)
English language courses
Fresh fruit and other snacks onsite
Annual bonus based on the individual performance
We will be glad to welcome you in our team!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Project Manager (Digital, IT-проекты), 25 000 – 40 000 грн
Frontmen. Київ.
IT Project Manager
Альфа-Банк. Київ.
IT Project manager
WebbyLab. Київ.
Project-менеджер
IT Specialist, LLC. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Продакт-менеджер
Керівник проекту
PM
IT expert
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Медицина, фармацевтика
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата ІТ-експерта у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3164056
Тренінги по темі «IT expert»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor