Вакансія: Client Success Manager for Ciklum, компанія Ciklum, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Client Success Manager for Ciklum
Ciklum
· VIP
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Ciklum is looking for a Client Success Manager to join Kyiv team on a full-time basis.We are looking for a passionate, energetic, self-driven manager, who will partner with and ensure the long-term success of our customers. The role of the Client Success Manager is to develop relationships with your portfolio of assigned customers, connecting with key business executives and stakeholders. You will liaise between customers and cross-functional internal teams to ensure the timely and successful delivery of our services and solutions to meet performance objectives and customers' expectations. Part of responsibilities might involve managing a certain amount of people as a line manager. Responsibilities:
Coordinating and monitoring of execution of internal Ciklum services involved in customer engagement with company
Building a personal relationship with clients
Enhancing and evolving business development via offering the clients the right solutions out of the full spectrum of services
Ensuring high level service delivery processes and high level of customer satisfaction
Support of team ramp up and onboarding (from recruitment and forming teams to process establishment and stabilization)
Shared responsibility for managing and monitoring client P/L — identifying new revenue opportunities, driving revenue recognition, managing efficiencies, driving productivity, and managing projects successfully while meeting revenue and cost budgets
Manage people in a role of line manager for client teams
Removing all obstacles to customer satisfaction and / or financial performance
Providing proactive constructive input to the internal organization on services and solutions that should be considered for improvement and/or creation
Manage risks, anticipate problems before they arise, and work with appropriate personnel to develop solutions
Requirements:
Either a delivery/technical background and good commercial understanding or a commercial background with a good technical and delivery understanding. In both cases ideally within Managed Services and IT outsourcing industry (preferably with full cycle project delivering)
A proven ability to engage in customer discussions on a strategic level
Commercial awareness, ability to identify and effectively communicate commercial opportunities managing Profitability Targets — considering cost, margin, revenue (growth, forecasting)
Experience with account management and business case development
Strong people management experience preferably in IT (up to 30 ppl)
Strong service/client oriented attitude
A solid understanding of change and expectation management
The ability to keep up with and thrive in a workplace characterized by change, a fast pace, and frequently high stress levels
Problem solving attitude
An excellent command of English in writing and speech
Desirable:
Project management experience
Good understanding and practical experience with Agile SDLCs (Scrum, Kanban)
Experience in managing multiple distributed teams
Technical background (Software Development, QA, DevOps, etc.)
What’s in it for you?
Possibility to work in a big and successful company
Career and professional growth
Nicely designed, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere that creates good working conditions
Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client
About Ciklum:Ciklum is a Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed.Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior Key Account Manager
Zhisheng Ukraine LLC. Київ.
Account Manager
Райффайзен Банк Аваль. Київ.
Senior Sales Account Manager, 18 000 – 22 000 грн
Verve Energy. Київ.
Junior sales, account manager, 14 000 – 18 000 грн
Verve Energy. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Client manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера роботи з клієнтами у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3854835
Гарячі вакансії
Специалиста по работе с партнёрами со знанием английского языка.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.
Telovox, LLC. Київ.
Менеджер по консультации клиентов.
15 000 – 50 000 грн.*
Sky Union Holdings. Київ.
Affiliate manager.
16 000 грн.
Brighta. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
14 000 грн.
Опентек, ООО. Київ.
Клиент-менеджер, кредитный консультант, кассир.
11 500 – 13 000 грн.
ШвидкоГрошi. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам, по работе с клиентами.
19 000 – 35 000 грн.*
Ю-Консалтінг, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам и работе с клиентами.
15 000 – 40 000 грн.
Euro Car Service. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
15 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Система дистанционного обучения Эйнштейн. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.*
Хаскі Аутсорсинг, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер по логистике, работе с клиентами.
15 000 грн.*
Амира. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor