Вакансія: SMM manager with English, 25 000 грн, компанія NS Digital, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
SMM-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 29 лютого 2020
SMM manager with English
25 000 грн · Based on interview result
NS Digital
Маркетинг, реклама, PR;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Шота Руставелі, 34.
1,5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Юлія ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
International company dealing with luxury jewelry (diamond trade) with local office in Ukraine is looking for SMM manager to join our marketing team. Requirements:
2+ years as SMM manager or/and Marketing specialist.
References to projects you’d been working on and social media URLs are required.
Fluent English is a must!
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Experience in managing ad campaigns in different social media (Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, etc.).
Good command of Adobe Photoshop.
Copywriting skills (preference will be given to candidates with successful work experience with luxury brands: accessories, jewelry etc).
Responsibilities:
Social media strategy and content plan creation in line with general marketing strategy and Brand book of the company
Management and effective promotion of company’s social media (Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, G+ etc.)
Timely posting in social media according to content plan
Content creation (both texts and graphical) — unique and interesting to get more views and engagement.
Regular reporting on the work done to GM and Head of Creative
Communicating with customers via social media channels, handling any issues timely
Close cooperation with colleagues of Marketing department
What we offer:
competitive salary based on your experience;
interesting and challenging tasks within international environment (we work with foreign markets);
comfortable office located in the centre of Kyiv unlimited opportunities of professional growth.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
SMM manager (English)
Dewzilla. Київ.
SMM-маркетолог для рынка онлайн-образования в Китае, 5 000 грн
Beverly English. Київ.
SMM-специалист со знанием английского, 15 000 грн
Bosco Conference. Київ.
Social media manager, 6 000 – 7 000 грн
Language Coaching Geneva Sarl. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
SMM-менеджер
Таргетолог
Блогер
Контент-менеджер
Менеджер з реклами
Content manager
SMM manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата SMM-менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3218523
Гарячі вакансії
SMM-менеджер.
Столичная Ювелирная Фабрика. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «SMM manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor