Вакансія: Game Manager/Product Owner, компанія Gameloft, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Продукт-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Game Manager/Product Owner
Gameloft
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків, проспект Незалежності, 10.
1,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
The Game Manager is the heart of the game, and is responsible for upholding the project’s vision and maximizing its impact on the market, during both the creation and live phases. He/she will drive his products from ideation to release and into live operations with the help of a multidisciplinary team, maximizing impact in the market by making strong creative and data driven decisions.Your main challenges will include:
Set the long term strategy and goals of the product, with the aim of maximizing the top line while optimizing the P&L.
Report on the product’s performance as a key contact towards top management, and champion next steps to take
Decide and maintain the product roadmap with the team leads, based on a combination of market reality, analytical insights from data, and operational capabilities
Lead a cross-disciplinary team to deliver features to the highest quality standards, in alignment with performance goals, and leveraging the best suited toolset
Recruit & retain talent in the team, by promoting positive & transparent communication, clear career paths and a culture of innovation
Ability to take a holistic view of product development, across the creative, marketing / UA, technical and data branches
Requirements
At least 5 years of experience in F2P Games, preferably in product oriented roles
Worked on at least 2 tiles, with having seen one from pre-production to live ops phase considered a plus
Extensive knowledge of the F2P mobile market
Strong leadership and communication skills within a multi-disciplinary team
Exceptional analytical skills; and full proficiency of Excel/PowerPoint
Complete fluency in English, both written and orally
Profile
Passion for games on any platform, and mobile games in particular!
Experience leading teams to align and execute against a product vision and goals
Result-driven and comfortable working in a fast-paced environment
Team-player, able to teach, negotiate and communicate effectively in a multidisciplinary team
Combine creative thinking with data-driven decisions
Why join Gameloft?
Career-development opportunities
An exceptional, dynamic, demanding and motivating working environment within a fast growing company
Challenging and rewarding work on the next great frontiers in games
An international environment which offers daily contact with other countries & cultures.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Technical Product Owner
Sigma Software. Харків.
Junior Business Analyst, Product Owner
NIX Solutions. Харків.
Product manager
Gameloft. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Продакт-менеджер
Продукт-менеджер
Product manager
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing manager
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата продукт-менеджера в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3850068
Тренінги по темі «Product manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor