Вакансія: Project manager, компанія Attract Group, робота в Одесі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
в Одесі
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Project manager
Attract Group
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Одеса
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Attract Group is an IT service provider. We develop and support any complexity web/mobile products for European and US-based companies and startups.Requirements:
Upper-intermediate spoken and written English is a must.
2+ years of proven experience as Project Manager.
Experience in web/mobile application development.
Good problem-solving skills.
Experience in Customer relations management, Requirement management, Change management, Estimation techniques.
Experience with Agile methodologies.
Ability to work in multi-project environment.
Deep understanding of Project Management methodologies and best practices.
Exceptional customer service and related skills.
Must demonstrate a hardworking disciplined character, be able to accept constructive criticism, able to motivate project teams, build consensus, and adhere to work policies and procedures.
These would be an advantage:
Higher, Computer Science or Application Development education.
Technical background (QA/Developer/BA preferable).
Experience in pre-sales activities such as requirements elicitation, estimation.
Strong verbal & written communication skills, analytical and interpersonal communication skills, and exceptional organizational and work structuring skills.
Main Activities and Responsibilities:
Gather & document project requirements & specifications.
Plan, Execute, Control.
Resources planning, building relevant timeline.
Allocate work within and between project teams based on the given nature and complexity of the tasks.
Monitor team’s and individual employees' performance.
Building estimates for projects and their milestones — with a team.
Keep track of production milestones on development projects.
Work cross-functionally to ensure proper engineering and support for development projects.
We offer:
Full employment (also, you can pick the beginning of your working day to keep your work-life balance).
Social package: paid vacation (24 days a year) and sick leaves.
Competitive salary with periodical reviews.
Work on interesting and dynamic projects.
Training and educational events.
Team buildings and corporate events.
In-house English classes.
A modern and cozy office.
An active and friendly team of professionals comfortable to work with and achieve your goals!
Send your CVs to [відгукнутися].We will be glad to get to know you and have a talk.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Руководитель проекта (девелопмент)
Одеком Девелопмент, ДК. Одеса.
Менеджер проекта, эксперт по мебельной фурнитуре
Одеса.
Project-менеджер, 10 000 – 15 000 грн
Sale-Partners. Одеса.
Middle Project Manager
Netpeak. Одеса.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади в Одесі
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Адмiнiстрацiя, керівництво середньої ланки
Вакансії за містами
Робота в Одесі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів в Одесі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3857541
Гарячі вакансії
Администратор службы доставки (Малиновский р-н).
9 000 – 12 000 грн.*
Pomodoro. Одеса.
CEO (IT-проект).
Key People, HR Agency. Одеса.
Head of Corporate Analytics.
Autodoc. Одеса.
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor