Вакансія: Product manager, компанія Gameloft, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Продукт-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Product manager
Gameloft
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків, проспект Незалежності, 10.
1,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
The company has been operating in Ukraine since 2007. Gameloft Kharkiv is one of the largest and most successful Gameloft Studios, that cooperates with more than 360 gamelofters.Gameloft Lviv is young Studio that has more than 250 gamelofters and continues to grow, establishing full development pipeline for mobile games.Job DescriptionThe Product Manager works collaboratively with Producers, System Designers, Live Operations Managers & Data Scientists to define the monetization strategy of his/her games and aims to boost KPIs related to engagement & monetization on a worldwide level.Your main challenges will include:
Collaborate with all game stakeholders (Designers, Producers, Marketing) to define the game’s strategy and long-term vision
Champion the Live Operation strategy related to content, targeting, promotions, update releases and in-game events to maximize the game’s potential
Provide clear recommendations from market research, benchmarks and game data to define, prioritize and continuously improve features
Be responsible for forecasting, measuring performance against targets and reporting to stakeholders on a regular basis
Propose AB tests, ensure their correct implementation and present key findings
Be the expert on market trends & industry best practices, and share these across teams
Requirements
At least 2 years of experience in Games/Online/Consulting, preferably in product oriented roles
Excellent analytical & data modelling skills; and full proficiency of Excel/PowerPoint
Bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Economics or a related field; Master is a plus
Proven experience in optimizing metrics and revenue on a product or service
Upper-Intermediate level of English, both written and orally
Bonus Points
Experience working on a live game operated as a service
Game design or game creation skills
Basic knowledge of programming languages is an asset (SQL, Python, R, etc.)
Profile
Passion for games on any platform!
Result-driven and comfortable working in a fast-paced environment
Able to think on your feet and highly organized
At ease analyzing large data sets & providing actionable insights
Strong interpersonal, negotiation and communication skills with a multidisciplinary team
Combine creative thinking with clear data-driven decisions
Why join Gameloft?Benefits:
Join a leading global mobile and video games publisher and developer utilizing the state-of-art mobile technologies and devices;
Become a part of the talented international team in a friendly, creative and dynamic environment;
Become a true pro in the fast-growing, exciting and innovative video games industry;
Be proud to deliver the prestigious products winning the top rankings worldwide;
Enjoy the exiting life of Gameloft with corporate trips, sponsored team building and other joyful events;
Build up your career with dynamic promotions and world wide opportunities.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Junior Business Analyst, Product Owner
NIX Solutions. Харків.
Technical Product Owner
Sigma Software. Харків.
Game Manager/Product Owner
Gameloft. Харків.
Product Marketing Manager
Gameloft. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Продакт-менеджер
Продукт-менеджер
Product manager
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing manager
Спеціаліст з маркетингу
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата продукт-менеджера в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3520762
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам (IT-оборудование).
15 000 – 45 000 грн.*
Indistry. Харків.
Тренінги по темі «Product manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor