Вакансія: Senior virtual assistant manager, 8 000 – 10 000 грн, компанія Language Coaching Geneva Sarl, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Senior virtual assistant manager
8 000 – 10 000 грн
Language Coaching Geneva Sarl
Освіта, наука;
менше 10 співробітників
Київ, Shota Rustaveli Street, 3.
1,1 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Середня освіта.
Опис вакансії
ONLY APPLICATIONS IN ENGLISH WILL BE CONSIDERED.Language School is looking for a SENIOR VIRTUAL ASSISTANT to help the CEO develop the business.HR-Manage the whole recruitment process for English only speaking candidates-Help recruit talented external consultants for projects— Run interviews on Skype, prepare contracts, hire and firePROJECT MANAGEMENT-Find ways to optimise the compagny as much as possible.-Work on different projectsSALES-Help with sales efforts-Prepare administrative lists and feed them into salesforce-Answer clients and explain how we work, how we can help them etc.-Cold callingTEAM MANAGEMENT-Help manage the team of teachers by ensuring that they regularly do what they are supposed to do.-Send reminders to teachers, onboard new teachers etc.QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:-Must be hard working, very motivated, positive, smart, fast, self starter, very organised, initiative taker, excellent communicator (written and oral).-Must be able to work under pressure, handle large volumes of work and without a lot of supervision.-Must have at least 5 years of experience in a similar position, 10 years preferred.-Must have a quiet office space during working hours with a very fast wifi connexion, a good working computer, the MS pack and a mobile phone with internet.-Must have a C2 level of English or be fluent. Ideally, if you speak French, it is ideal.-Must have good knowledge of MS word, excel, powerpoint, wordpress and be comfortable with IT in general and Outlook, Infomaniak, microsoft drive one drive.-Must have references available from former bosses (full name, email and no). Ideally, has recommendation letters as well. Must have complete file available (ID, copies of diplomas, work certificates etc.)-Must have at least a Bachelors degree (4 years of university) and ideally a masters degree in business administration.PREFERED:-Impeccable work ethics and highly dynamic, motivated.-Knowledge of how to manage social medias-Experience working with international companies outside of Ukraine-Speaks French— Willing to commit long term and be willing to grow the compagny If you match the above and if the position interests you, please send your application (CV and cover letter) to [відгукнутися]
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам, оператор call-центра, 10 000 – 20 000 грн
KievJob, рекрутинговое агенство. Київ.
Помощник архивариуса, 10 000 грн
Скарбниця. Київ.
Digital Manager
Спорт-Платформа, ТОВ. Київ.
Администратор, менеджер по работе с клиентами в сервисный центр Apple, 15 000 грн
Турко А.Ю., ФЛП. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Секретаріат, діловодство, АГВ
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3851615
Тренінги по темі «Senior virtual assistant manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor