Вакансія: Senior Project Manager (Finance Practice), компанія DataArt, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Senior Project Manager (Finance Practice)
DataArt
· VIP
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Опис вакансії
DataArt is engaged in IT consulting and software development. Since 1997, we have been designing, developing, modernizing, and supporting solutions that help the businesses of our clients grow.Project managers are in demand for various DataArt projects, but most of all they are in demand in the Finance industry. This particular vacancy is in the team that works with clients within the Finance industry. Like all our specialists, project managers have the opportunity to try their hands in different DataArt projects.Required Skills and Experience:
At least 4 years of experience managing IT projects
Technical background
Knowledge of project management theory
Understanding of SDLC
Experience using agile methodologies
Experience working with clients: establishing business contacts, managing expectations, getting feedback, discussing the client needs, and reporting
HR management skills: motivation, assessment, conflict management
Risk management
Experience working with project documentation written in English
Proactive
Result-oriented approach
Understanding the specifics of product development
Spoken and written English
Additional Competences:
Experience working in product based IT companies
Experience in sales and preparing commercial proposals
Experience managing a group of projects and tracking the status of implementation
DataArt offers:
Professional Development:
• Experienced colleagues who are ready to share knowledge;• The ability to switch projects, technology stacks, try yourself in different roles;• More than 150 workplaces for advanced training;• Study and practice of English: courses and communication with colleagues and clients from different countries;• Support of speakers who make presentations at conferences and meetings of technology communities.
The ability to focus on your work: a lack of bureaucracy and micromanagement, and convenient corporate services;
Friendly atmosphere, concern for the comfort of specialists;
Flexible schedule and the ability to work remotely;
The ability to work in any of our development centers.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle Project Manager (Finance Practice)
DataArt. Київ.
Senior analyst (finance)
Vodafone Україна. Київ.
Financial manager GAAP, IFRS (IT)
PortaOne. Київ.
Deputy CFO, Finance manager
CQ. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Фінанси, банк
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3842422
Гарячі вакансії
Керівник проектів та програм відділу впровадження банківських систем (АБС Б2).
Forward Bank. Київ.
Специалист финансового отдела.
15 000 – 20 000 грн.
Гелексі Фінанс. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor