Вакансія: IT-спеціаліст, спеціаліст з друку, компанія Elitex, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
IT-спеціаліст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
IT-спеціаліст, спеціаліст з друку
Elitex
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Городоцька, 2.
0,6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Required skills:
The specialist is required to provide advice, support and troubleshooting of printing services for a global client base.
You will be working alongside Kallik staff through the lifecycle of a project.
Liaising with 3rd party partners.
You will require in-depth knowledge of printers, particularly label, package and carton printing applications.
The position will entail global travel, often at short notice in order to assist with troubleshooting issues.The upper level of Englishis the must.Responsibilities:Providing Print Support and Advice:
Responding to enquiries from customers and help them resolve any issues relating to the Factory Print module;
Performing detailed investigations of issues reported and record them in a helpdesk ticketing system;
Providing user training via telephone, Web-ex or site visits;
Updating client configuration files;
Assist with the creation of documentation including User Guides and Support Knowledge base articles.
Other:
Active responsibility for your own professional and continuous development, to enhance your value, worth and productivity for yourself and the Company as a whole;
Perform other duties and responsibilities, as assigned.
We offer:
Modern working place (iMac/MacBook or other preferred hardware);
Cozy office in the very center of the city with a view to the Opera house;
Flexible working hours;
Possibility of partly remote work;
Regular performance reviews;
20 working days of paid vacation annually;
Additional vacation days for special lifetime events;
10 working days of paid sick-leaves;
Medical insurance;
Maternity leave policy;
Free English classes;
Compensation of educational and training programs;
Team buildings and corporate events.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер з продажу зі знанням польської мови (IT), 7 000 – 12 000 грн
OtelMS. Львів.
Product manager (IT) у Тернопіль
MagneticOne. Львів.
Регіональний координатор проекту, ІТ-фахівець, 6 600 – 8 250 грн
Українська благодійницька мережа, благодійна організація. Львів.
Друкар, оператор друкарського устаткування, механік
Elgraf. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Продакт-менеджер
Керівник проекту
PM
C# Developer
IT-спеціаліст
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
ЗМІ, видавництво, поліграфія
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата IT-спеціаліста в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3858075
Тренінги по темі «IT-спеціаліст»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor