Вакансія: Community Manager (SMM), компанія JatApp, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
SMM-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Community Manager (SMM)
JatApp
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
JatApp is a group of successful companies that develop its own products and have outsourcing business. Our own products portfolio includes a variety of web products and mobile apps in utilities, social, education, business, security niches. We are proud that more than 20 mln users interact with our creations on a daily basis. Main mission of JatApp products it’s to make people lives brighter and easier by offering cutting-edge solutions and the best user experience.We’re constantly growing and therefore we’re looking for the most talented and passionate employees to join our team. Now we need an open-minded, creative and results-oriented Community Manager with a desire to develop skills, to fight with us for our brand awareness and to drive sales from media platforms.Responsibilities:
Create communities and communicate with them across different media channels to drive sales to website (Twitter, Reddit, Quora);
Perform ongoing market research to identify existing and potential communities;
Create communication campaigns to grow brand awareness;
Gather feedbacks about the product and work with the negative ones;
Create content strategy and publish this content across different channels;
Analyze efficiency of performed activities.
Requirements:
Creative writing skills is must;
English level — Strong Upper-Intermediate or higher;
Ability to work independently;
Excellent Google skills;
Previous SMM experience would be a plus.
We offer:
Office within walking distance from the metro
Flexible schedule (starting from 9 to 11 am, 8-hour workday)
Paid sick leaves and 20 paid vacation days
Corporate English courses, professional development courses
Corporate library
Free daily lunches and unlimited coffee/tea/milk
100% compensation of gym
Medical insurance.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Facebook Mediabuyer (арбитраж, маркетинг), 40 000 – 100 000 грн
Next App. Київ.
Менеджер по поиску людей для размещения прямой рекламы Facebook, Instagram, 17 000 грн
IQ Top. Київ.
Помощница маркетолога, менеджер рекламных аккаунтов Facebook, 20 000 грн
IQ Top. Київ.
Ведущий, блогер, 20 000 – 35 000 грн
Payphone X. Київ.
SMM-менеджер (Америка, IT-послуги) ​, 28 000 – 280 000 грн
Soft.ua. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
SMM-менеджер
Таргетолог
Блогер
Контент-менеджер
Менеджер з реклами
Content manager
SMM manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата SMM-менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3802998
Гарячі вакансії
SMM-менеджер.
Столичная Ювелирная Фабрика. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «SMM manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor