Вакансія: IT Project Manager, компанія SWP-Group, робота у Житомирі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Житомирі
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 6 березня 2020
IT Project Manager
SWP-Group
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Житомир
Наталія Степаненко ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Our Company the quickly growth and we are looking for an active Project Manager to effectively manage the company’s projects and to handle internal development process.Required Skills:• 1+ years of experience on a similar position • understanding of principles and experience with flexible methodologies • understanding the needs of the client and ability to bring them to the team • exacting to the terms and the ability to keep everything under control, the ability to charge and motivate the team • English (Upper-Intermediate) • ability to make independent decisions • be proactive, responsible, oriented to result Project manager responsibilities:• contact with clients (email, skype) according to project details • assign team members to project activities • problem solving issues with customers and internally in team • task analysis and assignments to appropriate executives • help design, document, and maintain system processes and improve internal processes • problem analysis of closed projects • analysis of the business logic of the project, offering optimal functionality to achieve the goals of the project • understands and delivers all Project Plan and Scope documents on a project• manages all resources and tasks on a project • own and develop relationships with partners, working with them to optimize and enhance integration • risk management, including risk assessment strategy and policies for the assigned projects and tasks We will provide an atmosphere of mentoring, development and opportunity!Join us! :)
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Project Manager
Ікспенд Україна, ТОВ. Житомир.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Житомирі
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Житомирі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3728558
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor