Вакансія: Website manager, компанія EvoPlay, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Website manager
EvoPlay
· VIP
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
We are looking to hire a Product Manager with strong attention to details, outstanding problem-solving skills, and fantastic content creation and writing skills.Our perfect candidate has to meet the following requirements:
2+ years of experience of product management, website management or otherwise working with websites development;
ability to troubleshoot website issues in a fast-paced environment;
strong attention to detail with an analytical mind and outstanding problem-solving skills;
fantastic organizational and time management skills with the ability to multi-task;
advanced English;
excellent content creation and writing skills.
Main tasks and responsibilities will include:
to plan, implement, manage, monitor and upgrade websites;
respond to and troubleshoot all websites issues;
identify and respond to all website security breaches;
create appropriate website content aligned to the organization’s strategy;
to conduct content audits to eliminate redundant information;
ensure website quality and efficiency by conducting regular test plans;
improve User Experience of websites regularly;
to collaborate with team members to ensure that website aligns with brand strategy and meets the organization’s standards;
to ensure full compliance on the website with all laws and regulations;
to keep up-to-date with industry best practice and monitor competitor websites.
We offer:
уoung and friendly team of marketing professionals
challenges every day :)
competitive and timely salary
paid vacations, undocumented and confirmed sick leaves
free English lessons
compensation for relevant seminars and conferences
sports activities and remarkable corporate team building events
legal and financial support
comfortable office (guarded parking, metro in walking distance, snacks and refreshments)
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Контент-менеджер, адміністратор інтернет-магазину (B2B-портал), 20 000 грн
STV group. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с подписчиками и сайтом, 16 000 – 18 000 грн
Affinity. Київ.
SEO-спеціаліст на новинний сайт
Національна суспільна телерадіокомпанія України. Київ.
Специалист по продвижению сайтов (SEO), таргетолог, маркетолог, трафик-менеджер, 12 000 – 20 000 грн
Киборг Продакшн. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3839761
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor