Вакансія: Project Manager, 12 000 – 20 000 грн, компанія Cetrix Cloud Services, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Project Manager
12 000 – 20 000 грн · Depends on Work Experience and English Level
Cetrix Cloud Services
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Вадима Гетьмана, 1Б.
5,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Iryna Zasikan ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
The American IT company Cetrix Cloud Services, which provides consultancy, planning, implementation, development, configuration, and support for the Salesforce and HubSpot platforms, invites Project Manager to our team.Requirements:
Technical Higher Education.
Advanced English.
Experience as a project manager in IT projects.
Good communication skill.
Salesforce knowledge as Business User (will be a big plus).
English CV
Responsibilities:
The Salesforce Project Manager is a key member of our capability.
The responsibilities include understanding of a Salesforce implementation and managing project.
The PM will be the lead on project teams delivering technology services to clients.
Project management for the development and implementation of various solutions for Salesforce.
Communication with customers directly.
Business Analysis.
Cetrix Cloud Services offers the opportunity for growth and advancement, work with Clients from all over the world, as well as a competitive base salary, annual performance based incentives. We are expecting a CV from those who are interested in projects related to the latest Cloud Systems, digit transformation and work with clients from the United States, Saudi Arabia, Australia, and other countries.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Аккаунт-, Project-manager, 12 000 грн
Авеб. Київ.
Project manager
НІК-Електроніка. Київ.
IT Project manager
WebbyLab. Київ.
Project Sales manager
Дабл-Ю Нет Юкрейн, ТОВ. Київ.
Бизнес-аналитик, менеджер проектов
Hegelmann Transporte. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3842370
Гарячі вакансії
Аналитик.
Rost Group. Київ.
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Customer Support Consultant (fluent Spanish and English).
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Senior Back-End Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Системный администратор облачных сервисов.
28 000 – 32 000 грн.
De Novo. Київ.
Customer support representative.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Программист 1С.
Rozetka. Київ.
Middle/Strong Middle Back-End web Developer.
26 000 – 65 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Системный администратор.
18 000 грн.
СмартШоп. Київ.
Software Engineer (Networking).
Codeminders. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor