Вакансія: SMM-менеджер (English, German, Italian, Spanish), компанія Джі Груп Україна, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
SMM-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
SMM-менеджер (English, German, Italian, Spanish)
Джі Груп Україна
· Агенція
Пошук персоналу, HR;
менше 10 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Угорська, 14.
3,6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Gi Group is one of the world’s leading companies providing services for the development of the labour market. The group is active in the fields of temporary and permanent staffing, as well as in a variety of complementary HR activities. Our client, multinational company is searching for Social Media Listening and Brand Analyst Specialist with knowledge of English/French/Spanish/German.If you proficient in English, or know other foreign languages — we are searching exactly for you! Main Responsibilities:
Analyze online data that is relevant to Brands based on sentiment, product category, marketing activities (Product experience, Packaging, Customer Relations management);
Prepare reports using data analytics;
Monitor and analyze online contents regarding brand and its products in the Social Media (Facebook, Twitter, blogs, websites etc.) and prepare reports using web analytics application;
Provide alerts about all online social media channels;
Monitor online coverage of issues involving the company with a crisis potential.
Main requirements:
University degree (preferably in marketing or applied linguistics);
Branding and Marketing communication experience (work-related or academic);
Working with high-volume, multi-platform, complex tasks;
Knowledge and strong interest in social media environment (Facebook, Twitter, etc.);
Good analytical skills, listening and communication skills (oral and written).
Ability to deliver detailed reporting;
Result focus and action-orientation;
Proficiency in English/German/Italian/Spanish
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
SMM manager
LinguistsConnect. Львів.
SMM-менеджер, 10 000 – 25 000 грн
Tecwi Engineering. Львів.
SMM-менеджер, 12 000 – 14 000 грн
Solus.agency. Львів.
Менеджер по рекламе, сотрудник в отдел чат-бота (Many Chat, Facebook), 8 000 – 10 000 грн
Sonvera. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
SMM-менеджер
Таргетолог
Блогер
Контент-менеджер
Менеджер з реклами
Content manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата SMM-менеджера у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3817460
Тренінги по темі «SMM-менеджер»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor