Вакансія: E-mail Manager, 17 000 – 21 000 грн, компанія Alirm LLC, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
E-mail Manager
17 000 – 21 000 грн · Negotiable, based on skills
Alirm LLC
Роздрібна торгівля;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, Кловський узвіз, 7.
1,7 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We are looking for a passionate and experienced Email Manager to join our Kyiv based team. This is a great chance to be involved in a fast-growing company and become a valuable part of the international team. As an Email Manager at our company, you will be responsible for planning and developing our overall email marketing strategy.Responsibilities:
Manage, write, design and implement an extensive email marketing campaigns to ensure business goals are met and emails have a high open rate and CTR;
Create organic email databases for lead generation;
Excellent understanding of email marketing concepts and metrics such as sender score, deliverability and sender reputation;
Carry out segmentation of databases to implement remarketing strategies;
Manage trigger email campaigns throughout the customer lifecycle to maximize engagement;
Excellent understanding of email marketing concepts and metrics such as sender score, deliverability and sender reputation;
Track and report on KPI and sales revenue generated from email marketing efforts;
Must be able to know what resonates with certain audiences to grow email list subscriptions & segmentation of lists;
Design and implement desktop and mobile-friendly HTML email templates;
Understanding best practices and industry-related compliance laws — CAN-SPAM compliant.
Requirements:
Excellent command of English and extraordinary communication skills;
Having a goal-oriented mindset: knowing how to track, acquire, and engage users;
Understanding and developing strategies of email marketing;
Motivation, pro-activity and enthusiasm are a must;
Project management skills — ability to detail out a plan and execute on a deadline;
Ability to handle multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment, under tight deadlines.
Work Conditions:
Full-time office job 5 days, 40 hours week;
Competitive stable compensation;
Career advancement opportunities within the company and personal development;
Work schedule: 12 pm — 9 pm (UTC+3);
Official contract.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Email Marketing Manager
GDM Group. Київ.
Digital Marketing, Email specialist, CRM-manager, 21 000 грн
FinUnion. Київ.
Интернет-маркетолог, специалист по email-маркетингу
MCFR. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3827370
Тренінги по темі «E-mail Manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor