Вакансія: IT Sales manager, компанія Peiko, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер з продажу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 27 лютого 2020
IT Sales manager
Peiko
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, проспект Валерія Лобановського, 56/21А.
4,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Requirements:
At least two years of experience in sales in B2B, of which at least one year in IT Sales Manager positions
Skills in maintaining and building relationships with large corporate clients
At least one year of experience selling at outsource / outstaff with an average quarterly volume of $ 30,000
English — Intermediate (written and spoken)
Understanding the development of mobile and web applications
Experience in conducting productive negotiations with foreign customers
High active listening skills
Good knowledge of sales techniques and various customer engagement channels (Relevant requests proschadkah, Search and Westor, Affiliate Programs, Conference, Upsale, Social Networks, Road Show, Sale specialization)
Experience of closing deals on Upwork.
It will be a plus:
Successful experience in the formation of value and sales of IT service company services, not just man-hours
Basic knowledge in business analysis and marketing
Experience with working on freelance platforms (such as UpWork or Freelancer)
Previous experience in the industry in other positions and deep knowledge in modern web and mobile development.
Experience in creating presentations and working with reports.
Aim for the result and attention to details.
We offer:
Competitive salary: salary + bonuses for fulfilling KPI +% for overfulfilling the sales plan
Schedule from 10:00 to 19:00 (Mon-Fri)
Participation in conferences and training courses at the expense of the company to increase the level of skills and knowledge .
Energetic, young, friendly staff* Office in the Star Center Business Center, at the address: 56/21 Lobanovsky Avenue, (10 minutes Demiivska metro station or Vokzalnaya metro station, Shulyavskaya).
Young team — average age 24 years. Nobody is aching with us, everyone’s thinking is flexible, the team is prone to rapid changes, the team is friendly, each in its own place.
Work in a strong management team
The company management is interested in the well-being of employees and all team members.
Responsibilities:
Closely working with UpWork platform, finding relevant offers and placing proposals
Qualification of a client and identifying needs, evaluating business problems, proposing solutions
Working with reports and CRM as well as sales pipeline.
Warming up and working with objections
Working with an evaluation development team and preparation of the proposal, closing
Further maintenance and development of both the account itself and the affiliate network
Search for new customers in international markets and freelance platforms
Fulfillment of sales targets.Stages of the interview:
1. Interview with a recruiter — 30 minutes on Skype or in person2. Technical interview with Sales Team Lead — 1 hour on Skype or in person.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
IT sales manager (B2B), 55 000 грн
De Novo. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам IT-услуг
Дабл-Ю Нет Юкрейн, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер з продажів IT-обладнання
ERC. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (В2В), 15 000 – 25 000 грн
IT Education Center. Київ.
Менеджер з продажу (Америка, IT-послуги), 280 000 грн
Soft.ua. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з продажу у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3726016
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам авто в отдел продаж.
30 000 грн.*
Euro Car Service. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам недвижимости, риелтор (ст. м. Контрактовая площадь).
22 000 грн.*
Concord, агентство недвижимости. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам, риелтор (ст. м. Площадь Независимости).
15 000 – 45 000 грн.*
Вся недвижимость Украины. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам со знанием немецкого (Forex).
50 000 грн.
Work Out Lead. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам недвижимости, по работе с клиентами, риелтор.
25 000 – 50 000 грн.*
Alfabrok.ua (Альфаброк, ТМ). Київ.
Менеджер з продажу (В2В).
25 000 грн.
Meest. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
15 000 – 40 000 грн.
Вилла люкс, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам со знанием польского языка (Forex).
40 000 грн.
Work Out Lead. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (горячая база, с обучением).
18 000 – 29 000 грн.*
Телелайн Едветайзмент, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер по В2В-продажам продукции бытовой химии и уходовой косметики.
20 000 грн.*
Симпатик Групп. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Sales manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor