Вакансія: SMM-менеджер, 10 000 – 25 000 грн, компанія Tecwi Engineering, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
SMM-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 25 лютого 2020
SMM-менеджер
10 000 – 25 000 грн
Tecwi Engineering
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Львів
Повна зайнятість, дистанційна робота, готові взяти студента, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
We’re looking for SMM and digital marketing specialist. We are distributed team with members working from Switzerland, Poland and Ukraine, so the position is remote but assumes full-time work and more importantly 100% loyalty and dedication, so candidates trying to have more projects in parallel are not considered. From our side we offer:
Flexibility in working hours
Invest in you as a specialist (budget for events and educational courses and certification)
Freedom in experiments
Promotion and career growth as the product grows
Responsibilities:
Designing and executing digital marketing strategies across various channels
Supervise all elements of Social Media Marketing (SMM) campaign management
Design and develop marketing materials for website and social media
Essential skills
Facebook, Instagram: ecosystem, promotion, analytics, targeting
Writing of creative posts;
Managing Ads in social media;
Experience in analytics tools (Google Analytics)
Knowledge of Photoshop, Illustrator or some other graphic editor.
Would be a plus
Expertise in lead generating tools and strategies
Experience managing email marketing campaigns;
Any level in one more language — German or French;
ProjectSaaS platform for barbershops and beauty salons targeting Switzerland, UK, USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and soon Germany, France, Italy.How to ApplyTo apply, please answer the following questions:
Availability — what time it will take you to start after a positive decision
Your current location and timezone. Can you do 8 hours by Central European time?
Level of English
Salary expectations (optional if within provided range)
We usually don’t respond if the application doesn’t start by answering these questions.Part time is not available.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
SMM-менеджер, 12 000 – 14 000 грн
Solus.agency. Львів.
Керівник відділу продажу (інтернет, соцмережі)
Jador. Львів.
SMM-менеджер (English, German, Italian, Spanish)
Джі Груп Україна. Львів.
Менеджер по рекламе, сотрудник в отдел чат-бота (Many Chat, Facebook), 8 000 – 10 000 грн
Sonvera. Львів.
Менеджер з соцмереж
МобіМаркет. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
SMM-менеджер
Таргетолог
Блогер
Контент-менеджер
Менеджер з реклами
Content manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата SMM-менеджера у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3835471
Гарячі вакансії
Customer support, Risk Analyst.
10 000 – 18 000 грн.
PayPro Ukraine. Львів.
Middle/Senior App Developer.
MSV Multicall. Львів.
Robotics Process Automation Junior Specialist.
PwC Service Delivery Center. Львів.
Спеціаліст з інформаційно-консультаційної підтримки (сербська, хорватська).
23 000 грн.
Ранвей Україна, ТОВ. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «SMM-менеджер»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor