Вакансія: SAP consultant, компанія Національний банк України, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Консультант SAP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
SAP consultant
Національний банк України
Фінанси, банки, страхування;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Інститутська.
0,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Job Description:The National Bank of Ukraine is an innovative Central Bank and we are looking for the talent to work together in our SAP Center of Excellence (SCOE).Responsibilities:
The consultant will assist clients in the implementation and support of SAP modules;
This role uses consulting skills, business knowledge, and packaged solution expertise to effectively integrate packaged technology into the client business environment to achieve client expected business results.
The consultant will conduct workshops, deliver integrated solutions as well as ensure development of functional and technical documentation.
The candidate should have demonstrated the capability to analyze business processes, functional and technical requirements.
The candidate should demonstrate deep understanding of SAP package solution implementation tools and methodologies.
We offer:
Competitive compensation depending on experience and skills;
Individual career path in engineering;
Social package — medical insurance;
Compensation for sick lists and regular vacations;
English classes with certified English teachers.
Requirements:
3+ years of relevant experience of overall in SAP BW/BI/ BPS/ BPC /HANA/ S4/HANA with implementation and support or at least 2 full lifecycle SAP implementations or Rollouts as an Architect or consultant;
Knowledge of SAP FICO & Supply Chain Modules and experience in building extractors;
Basic knowledge of SAP MM, SAP SD Modules;
Experienced in Inventory and FI/GL extractions;
Experienced in BW Requirements gathering, customer interaction, detailed documentation of requirements, solutions and functional specifications, including the creation of data flows;
Experience in working multiple projects and developments;
Experience in Info cubes, DSO, Data sources, Transformations and Other BW Objects;
Exposure in creating WEB reports, creating roles and authorization for BEx reports;
Experience in writing User exits and installing Business content objects independently;
Building queries using calculated and restricted key figures, variables, formula and Selection;
Higher education in IT or Economics;
Ability to work independently as well as a team player;
Ability to manage own workload;
Strong communication skills;
Upper-Intermediate English is preferable;
Certificates in SAP relevant areas are preferable.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Consultant SAP (R/2, R/3, S4/HANA)
GFE-Solutions, LLC. Київ.
Фахівець розробки SAP AM
UKRSIBBANK BNP Paribas Group. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
SAP consultant
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3857361
Гарячі вакансії
SMM-менеджер.
Столичная Ювелирная Фабрика. Київ.
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Business process development manager.
Vega, телекоммуникационная группа. Київ.
Java Developer.
Micro Focus. Київ.
QA Engineer.
UMG (United marketing group). Київ.
Тестировщик 1С.
ВиЯр. Київ.
Customer Care Expert (English).
WIX. Київ.
Керівник проектів та програм відділу впровадження банківських систем (АБС Б2).
Forward Bank. Київ.
Интернет-маркетолог.
25 000 – 30 000 грн.*
Время Газа. Київ.
Developer (ASP.NET MVC, SQL, C#).
BEEPER. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «SAP consultant»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor