Вакансія: SMM manager, компанія Lazarev.Agency, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
SMM-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
SMM manager
Lazarev.Agency
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Казимира Малевича, 48.
3 км від центру ·
На мапі
Anfisa ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Hey there,We are Lazarev. — a product design agency that for almost 5 years is creating professional websites and interfaces for companies of the United States and Europe. In Ukraine, we work with Ukravtodor, KMBS, Lviv city council and many others. Our agency is growing and we are looking for SMM Manager whom will help us to present our company by social media to all the world. Are you ready to rock SMM? So, continue reading!You are our candidate if you:
Have at least 6 months of experience like SMM/ CONTENT/ BRAND manager;
Your English level is at least Intermediate;
Have strong analytical and communication skills;
Your creativeness and writing skills are just explosive;
You are on top of the latest digital marketing trends;
For you the Social Media its not only about posts, likes and hashtags…
Description of responsibilities:
Supervise all elements of Social Media Marketing (SMM) campaign management;
Creating high-quality written and visual content by external contractors in English;
Create strategies that would enlarge the target audiences;
Analyzing data to determine whether social media campaigns have achieved their objectives, in what we need to be focused and how we can promote even more our agency;
Researching and analyzing creative strategies and tactics for our company according to the goals;
Formation of hypotheses to attract leads;
What can we offer you:
Cozy, modern office in the center of Kyiv (Palace of Ukraine station);
Competitive salary + bonuses;
Free tea/coffee;
Personal growth system surrounded by young and purposeful colleagues;
No bureaucracy;
Corporate profile trainings on related topics (yeah, we love to learn!);
A team of passionate people, who genuinely care about what they do and the standard of work they produce.
Did your heart just skip a beat? Would you like to join us?If you have a sure «yes» in your head, send your resume (CV) and the link to your social media !See you at the interview :)
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Facebook Mediabuyer (арбитраж, маркетинг), 40 000 – 100 000 грн
Next App. Київ.
Менеджер по поиску людей для размещения прямой рекламы Facebook, Instagram, 17 000 грн
IQ Top. Київ.
Помощница маркетолога, менеджер рекламных аккаунтов Facebook, 20 000 грн
IQ Top. Київ.
Ведущий, блогер, 20 000 – 35 000 грн
Payphone X. Київ.
SMM-менеджер (Америка, IT-послуги) ​, 28 000 – 280 000 грн
Soft.ua. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
SMM-менеджер
Таргетолог
Блогер
Контент-менеджер
Менеджер з реклами
Content manager
SMM manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата SMM-менеджера у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3852357
Гарячі вакансії
Developer (ASP.NET MVC, SQL, C#).
BEEPER. Київ.
Системный администратор.
Мир Инструмента Украина. Київ.
Marketing controlling specialist, economist.
Artcom venture GmbH. Київ.
Маркетолог-аналітик.
StarLightMedia. Київ.
Программист 1С.
Rozetka. Київ.
Senior Front-End Web Developer (React.JS).
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Менеджер проектов в благотворительный фонд.
63 000 грн.*
Правэкс, ООО. Київ.
Senior Full Stack Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Middle/Strong Middle Back-End web Developer.
26 000 – 65 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
SMM-менеджер.
Столичная Ювелирная Фабрика. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «SMM manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor