Вакансія: Project manager, компанія Magecom, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Project manager
Magecom
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Харків, Театральний провулок, 11-13.
0,5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We are specialized in developing of e-commerce solutions on Magento platform and now we are looking for a talented Project Manager to join our team. You are going to manage a team of creative guys, who love their projects and do their best to contribute to its development. If you are an ambitious person who knows how to build efficient processes, we have a great opportunity for you to realize your potential and professional growth.Requirements
3+ years of project management experience;
Strong communication, problem-solving and critical-thinking skills;
Working with foreign clients experience;
Good knowledge of development methodologies;
Solid people management skills;
Advanced level of English, both speaking and written
Responsibilities:
Ensuring high quality and timely delivery of customers business requirements within the specific business initiatives/projects;
Identification of cross-team dependencies and solving blockers;
Managing project documentation;
Participating in pre-sales activities;
Managing teams of 3+ team members;
Working on T&M and Fixed Price projects;
Working with European and US customers.
Nice to have:
Experience with Magento projects
We offer:
Competitive compensation depending on skills and experience level
Various projects and tasks which help you to grow professionally and advance your career
Team that really rocks
Qualified mentors
Flexible working hours and flexible approach to work
Paid vacation and sick days, national holidays
Partial compensation for your English lessons, yoga, table-tennis, football
Corporate events and parties
Certifications, professional trainings, and educational advancement opportunities at company’s expense
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Agile Project Manager
ITCraft. Харків.
Внедренец, руководитель проекта CRM
Омега, ООО. Харків.
Project Manager with Scrum Master Experience (Communications Solutions)
DataArt. Харків.
Junior Project Manager
Cleveroad Inc.. Харків.
Senior Project Manager (Source Code Scan Platform)
Sigma Software. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3748279
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам (IT-оборудование).
15 000 – 45 000 грн.*
Indistry. Харків.
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor