Вакансія: Data researcher, Lead generation manager, компанія Yalantis, робота у Дніпрі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Дніпрі
Менеджер з генерації лідів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Data researcher, Lead generation manager
Yalantis
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Дніпро, проспект Дмитра Яворницького, 5.
2,3 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
An entry-level vacancy for those who want to step into IT marketing.We're looking for a person to transfer our knowledge of how to find and engage qualified leads.We are a perfect match if you:
hold a black belt in Microsoft Excel and/or Google Sheets;
have Pre-Intermediate (or higher) level of English and keep working on it;
are obsessed with perfectly ordered and structured systems;
diligence is your middle name.
It would also be great if you had some experience with:
Email outreach tools (such as Mailshake, Reply.io, etc);
CRM systems (Hubspot, Pipedrive, etc.);
HTML / CSS / Regular expressions;
IT/technology industry.
And here’s how those skills come into play. You will:
research for potential markets and opportunities;
build well structured databases of potential leads;
work with the CRM system.
Why Yalantis is a perfect place to start your career in IT marketing:
we fully support you on every stage of your personal development;
there are no vague tasks — we follow a clear step-by-step process;
we’re a team of open minded professionals ready to ask any of your questions.
What you’ll get from working with us:
great compensation and social packages;
full financial and legal support for private entrepreneurs;
opportunities for professional growth;
individual development plan;
team buildings and corporate activities;
english lessons with native speakers.
Do you feel this position fits you? Join us and send your CV!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Lead generation specialist
Solvve. Дніпро.
Sales, Lead Generation Specialist
OWOX. Дніпро.
Junior IT Sales Manager (Lead Generation)
Clockwise Software. Дніпро.
Lead generation manager
Софтенсі, ТОВ. Дніпро.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Дніпрі
Lead generation manager
Lead generation specialist
Менеджер з генерації лідів
Спеціаліст з генерації лідів
Лідогенератор
Лід-менеджер
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Дніпрі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з генерації лідів в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3856380
Тренінги по темі «Lead generation manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor