Вакансія: Middle Project Manager (Source Code Scan Platform), компанія Sigma Software, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Middle Project Manager (Source Code Scan Platform)
Sigma Software
· VIP
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Наукова, 7d.
4,6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We have a fantastic opportunity for a talented, active, and self-motivated Project Manager to become a part of our experienced team to apply the best professional skills every day.Project:The main goal of the project is to develop a unique cloud-based web application to perform static code analysis. Not only development, but also DevOps and security teams will use this platform.The main advantages of the product for end-users are — possibility to scan source code, check vulnerability, and fix detected vulnerability issues early on the development stage. The best thing is that the application will work for over 25 coding and scripting languages.Responsibilities:
Project planning — define, estimate, schedule, and document all the work required to achieve the customer’s goals
Project control — manage, monitor, and forecast the project to ensure successful delivery within the given constraints
Manage communications with the customer and internal stakeholders to ensure the customer’s satisfaction
Support the entire software development, focus the team on the result
Drive and support the continuous improvement of the project
Manage project risks
Develop, manage, and keep actual project management documentation
Requirements:
Strong theoretical background in project management, preferably PMBoK
At least 4 years of experience as a Project Manager in IT
Experience with Scrum and understanding of Agile philosophy
Good theoretical knowledge and hands-on experience in requirements and risk management
Experience in communication with customers
Experience in people management practices: coaching and mentoring, team and conflict management, team motivation and team building
High level of self-organization, attention to details
Technical background is a plus
Upper-Intermediate level of English
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior Project Manager (Source Code Scan Platform)
Sigma Software. Львів.
IoT project manager with Technical Background
Lemberg Solutions Ltd.. Львів.
Регіональний координатор проекту, ІТ-фахівець, 6 600 – 8 250 грн
Українська благодійницька мережа, благодійна організація. Львів.
Project Manager (Embedded Department)
Sigma Software. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3798913
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor