Вакансія: IT Project manager, компанія Andersen, робота в Одесі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
в Одесі
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
IT Project manager
Andersen
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Одеса, Французький бульвар, 66.
6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Internationel it-company Andersen starts searching for a Project Manager — one of the crucial posts in the company, which is waiting for a success-oriented person!If you find it interesting to manage cool projects, communicate with people, and use foreign languages, we look forward to seeing you!Key responsibilities:
Management of a project from requirements gathering to technical support;
Interaction with customers, management of their expectations, negotiations;
Organization of collaborative work, set of the workflow, prioritization, track of deadlines, and team motivation;
And, of course, it is equally important to properly manage the project budget, risks, documentation, and reporting;
Management of several projects simultaneously and coordination of work on improvements.
Requirements:
Higher education;
PM certificates and experience in personnel management be a plass;
Experience as a Project Manager in IT from 1 year;
Knowledge of technical vocabulary;
Understanding of software development tools and methods;
Command of the English language — upper-intermediate and above;
Sociability, self-confidence, flexibility, initiative, perseverance, sense of responsibility;
Operational thinking, ability to communicate with colleagues and partners, as well with customers;
Multitasking and stress resistance.
We offer:
An opportunity to work on challenging, solid, and exciting projects with the latest technologies;
English language courses to help you improve communication skills;
Competitive salary, paid vacation, and social benefits;
Medical insurance;
Career and professional growth;
Team building activities.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Керівник проектів (IT, крюінг)
Південний, акціонерний банк. Одеса.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами и проектами (IT-маркетинг)
Skylogic. Одеса.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади в Одесі
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Адмiнiстрацiя, керівництво середньої ланки
Вакансії за містами
Робота в Одесі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів в Одесі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3849902
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor