Вакансія: IoT project manager with Technical Background, компанія Lemberg Solutions Ltd., робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
IoT project manager with Technical Background
Lemberg Solutions Ltd.
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Федьковича, 60.
2,5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Hello! We are Lemberg — technology consulting, software & hardware engineering company, based in Lviv, Ukraine. Startups and established businesses rely on our industry expertise to build new products and deliver digital transformation.Lemberg is, above all, a team of passionate professionals led by a core team that has been meticulously selected for more than ten years now.Each and every one of our 100+ individuals is highly appreciated for their hard work because we know that Lemberg’s success is based on our people’s achievements.We value People over Process and constantly looking for motivated, enthusiastic and talented professionals to join us in our journey.We are currently looking for: IoT project manager with Technical BackgroundPlease add cover letter when applying for this position.Necessary skills and qualifications:
Minimum 1.5 years experience as a project manager in IT
Technical background or/and Engineering education
Proven experience in managing projects from its kick-off to project closure
Fluent English
Excellent knowledge of Agile methodologies
Familiarity with firmware development and electrical engineering
Experience with:
— Creating a project plan and control execution during the whole project lifecycle — Project ownerships in all aspects (budget, scope, schedule, quality, risks,etc.) — Monitoring project execution KPIs and reporting to upper management
Strong soft skills: communication, negotiation, organizational, people management and team-building abilities
Will be a plus:
An engineering background
Experience with IoT project life-cycle (from idea to fully functional prototype)
Familiarity with Data Science, Backend, Mobile and Frontend technologies
Professional certification
Understanding specifics and experience working with US and EU customers
Spoken and written German
Key responsibilities
Manage a team of 3−9 members per project; 3−5 projects in parallel; project deliverables in a timely and costly manner
Communicate with a client and manage operational aspects on a day-to-day basis
Estimate and plan projects. Identify resources needed
Understand customer expectations, make the team accountable accordingly to their deadlines & deliverables
What we offer:At Lemberg you will find exciting and challenging projects, friendly and engaging professional Team. You will work with Customers located around the Globe, meet them in our office and travel to visit their locations. Also, you will have a chance to work on internal R&D projects, your own ideas, become a part of local and global communities, contribute to Open Source, visit conferences and industry events.Discover more career opportunities for yourself at Lemberg or sign up to receive news about new job opening at our website.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Project Manager
Ironbelly Tech. Львів.
Middle Project Manager (Source Code Scan Platform)
Sigma Software. Львів.
Junior Project Manager
Ironbelly Tech. Львів.
Junior QA, PM (trainee), 8 000 – 15 000 грн
Inspiri.to. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3808866
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor