Вакансія: Project manager, компанія Melior Games, LLC, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 11 березня 2020
Project manager
Melior Games, LLC
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We are looking for talented and experienced Project Manager with excellent people management skills, able to influence in a complex environment and with a proven track record of leading and managing projects. This role is the main point of contact for clients and will take full ownership of multiple projects from initial stages to the end. You will plan, ensure correct implementation and track the progress, knowing specified deliverables must be achieved. This individual must be highly motivated and will have good knowledge of full-cycle game development. This position is perfect for someone who is looking to develop and apply their skills further within a Project management position.Responsibilities:
Ensure that all projects are delivered on-time, within the scope and within budget;
Select suitable methodologies based on project needs; SCRUM, KANBAN;
Ensure resource availability and allocation;
Develop a detailed project plan to monitor and track progress;
Motivate the team, distribute and control the execution of tasks, manage conflicts and work with objections;
Manage changes to the project scope, project schedule and project costs using appropriate verification techniques;
Measure project performance to analyze the successful completion of short and long-term goals;
Report and escalate to management as needed;
Manage the relationship with the client and all stakeholders; daily/weekly reporting of progress;
Perform risk management to minimize project risks;
Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation.
Requirements:
Proven working experience in IT project management;
Excellent client-facing and internal communication skills;
Excellent written and verbal communication skills;
Solid organizational skills including attention to detail and multitasking skill;
Proficient English (C1, C2).
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Аккаунт-, Project-manager, 12 000 грн
Авеб. Київ.
Project manager
НІК-Електроніка. Київ.
IT Project manager
WebbyLab. Київ.
Project Sales manager
Дабл-Ю Нет Юкрейн, ТОВ. Київ.
Бизнес-аналитик, менеджер проектов
Hegelmann Transporte. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3787180
Гарячі вакансії
Middle/Strong Middle Back-End web Developer.
26 000 – 65 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Senior Back-End Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Middle Front End разработчик.
40 000 грн.*
Стар Вей Медиа. Київ.
Интернет-маркетолог.
25 000 – 30 000 грн.*
Время Газа. Київ.
Системный администратор.
18 000 грн.
СмартШоп. Київ.
Senior Full Stack Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
QA Engineer.
UMG (United marketing group). Київ.
Менеджер по интеграции баз данных.
18 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Аналитик.
Rost Group. Київ.
Senior QA engineer (manual).
Micro Focus. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor