Вакансія: Junior Project Manager, компанія Cleveroad Inc., робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Junior Project Manager
Cleveroad Inc.
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Харків
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We’re looking for a person who loves IT the way we do and has a burning desire to grow as a Project Manager. You’ll be a part of our Project Management team responsible for communication with clients, managing resources, etc. Have little or no experience as a Project Manager? We’d love to have a chat with you.Requirements:
Knowledge of Agile practices (Scrum, Kanban);
Understanding of web/mobile development lifecycle, project planning;
Experience working with worldwide market (US, EU customers);
Good at team motivation and problem-solving;
Tolerance to critical and stressful situations;
Excellent communication skills;
English Upper-Intermediate (both spoken and written)
As a plus:
Experience in understanding of Sales processes;
Technical background in Web/Mobile space;
Degree from a technical university.
Benefits:
Learning and Development: Company sponsored certifications, trainings, invitations to attend and organize internal and external events, extensive technical library;
A stable and dynamic working environment;
Comfortable office in the centre of the city;
The possibility to come up with ideas, be listened and see them implemented;
Corporate activities;
Competitive salary;
Career growth;
Fully equipped workplace;
Full social package.
Responsibilities:
Successful projects development and delivery (client is happy, planned functionality implemented, quality assurance performed and bugs are fixed, product successfully release to appropriate environment);
Communication with the client following the company guides (immediate escalation of the timeline changes, timely responding to a client requests, inform a client about consequences of untimely responses and manage possible delays, keep logs of meetings with clients);
Team management and processed coordination across team members (responsible for team members workload, managing resources required for a team to perform work);
Prepare and define project scope, schedule, budget, and resource plans jointly with the team;
Ensure projects flow well;
Negotiate projects acceptance criteria and develop strategies to meet the requirements and deliver superior quality;
Define change management process and follow it while tracking all projects KPIs;
Project development compliance with estimated budget and timelines;
Compliance with the company confidentiality policy;
Projects risk management.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Project-менеджер, 20 000 – 30 000 грн
АлвариумСофт. Харків.
Agile Project Manager
ITCraft. Харків.
Внедренец, руководитель проекта CRM
Омега, ООО. Харків.
Project Manager with Scrum Master Experience (Communications Solutions)
DataArt. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3755112
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor