Вакансія: Customer Care Expert (English), компанія WIX, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Гаряча вакансія
Customer Care Expert (English)
WIX
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Паньківська, 14А.
1,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
We are:Wix’s amazing Customer Care team in Kyiv. We use our unique understanding of Wix products to provide support and inspiration to over 150 million users around the world!We offer competitive pay, great benefits, including time off, health insurance, subsidized lunch, happy hours and so much more. You’ll find a relaxed and friendly atmosphere, your coworkers (and bosses) fantastic and a lot of opportunities for growth in this fast-paced, high profile startup environment.We work in small teams to allow everyone to express their creativity and we never stop learning.You are:Proficient in written and spoken English, and eager to explore new technology. You have the ability to learn new concepts and solve problems thoughtfully and effectively. You have customer service experience in any industry, strong critical thinking skills, you know how to identify challenges and solutions. You love to help other people and want to influence the way our users perceive our products. You are comfortable working in a fast-paced and deadline-driven environment. No tech experience is required, we’ll train you!As a Customer Care Expert, you will:Provide Wix users with technical solutions over the e-mail and in proactive and reactive chat.Analyze user behavior, content suitability, develop and maintain positive customer relations and satisfaction.Influence the way we support our users and improve it to make sure our users' experience is the best possible.Work with all other departments and product teams, and liaise with them about our users' needs.You embrace the challenges of global communication and love working as part of a team. You take ownership of every project you touch and always take initiative.Please send your CV in English.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Customer Care Consultant (fluent Spanish and English)
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Digital Manager
Спорт-Платформа, ТОВ. Київ.
Контент-менеджер со знанием английского, немецкого, французского, 10 000 – 12 500 грн
BauMitSelect. Київ.
Аккаунт-, Project-manager, 12 000 грн
Авеб. Київ.
SEO-специалист (Middle+)
Boosta ltd.. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3506255
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor