Вакансія: IT and Learning Technologies Manager, IT Director, компанія Британская международная школа, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Директор (IT)
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
IT and Learning Technologies Manager, IT Director
Британская международная школа
Освіта, наука;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Александр Хандей ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
The British International School Ukraine is seeking an IT and Learning Technologies Manager (IT Director).Compulsory requirements:Experience
Minimum ten years of experience required.
Proven track record of effective management.
Work experience in international environment.
Software: Google Suite, Microsoft Suite, Network ManagementEnglish language: fluently spoken and writtenDuties and responsibilities:The IT Director is responsible for the organisation of the continuous operation for all areas of the school’s IT system, overseeing installation, ensuring back-up systems operate effectively, purchasing hardware and software, providing the ICT technology infrastructures for the organisation and contributing to organisational policy regarding quality standards and strategic planning. Must ensure a collaborative approach to the running of the school, working closely with all administration and teaching staff.The IT Director will:
Carry out all reasonable tasks to ensure the smooth running and functioning of IT support, equipment and related facilities/services
Support the Principal and work in cooperation with the school leaders in delivering the vision for the future of the school; demonstrating inspirational team leadership and creativity.
Ensure the School Development Plan is implemented — with particular regards to actions for which he/she has a specific responsibility.
Provide leadership, development and management of the IT Team whilst ensuring adherence to the School’s Mission and Values
Model the highest professional behaviour and standards when working with students, parents, school personnel and visitors — serving as a role model and encouraging all staff to do the same.
Contribute as directed to the school site improvement process, taking account of the agreed priorities and how these links with BISU’s strategic and operational plans.
Support and maintain the school’s Google domain settings, including:
New user requests, group setup, class website/blog issues
Google Drive templates for teachers
Reviewing possible marketplace apps to enhance our Google usage
Integrating Google Apps as much as possible with other school IT systems, i.e. LMS, FireFly, ISAMS, GL, Follet Library software, iPads MDM.
Suggest IT solutions to education or admin problems.
Maintain an overview of the capabilities of the school’s ICT service and planning strategic continuous improvements in compliance with Microsoft Infrastructure Optimization Model, Gartner Six Building Blocks for Creating Real IT Strategies, ITIL and ITSM to meet future needs.
Evaluating user needs and system functionality and ensuring that ICT facilities meet these needs.
Planning, developing and implementing the ICT budget, obtaining competitive prices from suppliers, to ensure cost effectiveness.
Managing and training the ICT support staff.
Scheduling upgrades and security backups of hardware and software systems.
Researching and installing new systems.
Ensuring the smooth running of all ICT systems, including anti-virus software, print services and email provision.
Ensure that policies and procedures are prepared and documented and are recorded in the appropriate places e.g. school website, server and handbooks etc.
Ensuring that software licensing laws, health and safety policies are executed.
Ensuring the security of personal and company data from internal and external attack.
Providing users with appropriate support and advice or organising the support.
Managing crisis situations, which may involve complex technical hardware or software problems.
Assist with maintaining a software library including licence documentation and copies of agreements.
Maintaining the school website.
Organisation of a monthly hardware inventory.
Preventive maintenance of computers, electronic devices and other equipment.
Keeping up to date with the latest technologies.
Providing secure access to the internet network.
Overseeing the installation and monitoring of network printers.
Ensure smooth operation of local and wireless networks.
Overseeing the installation of software across the network and ensuring that software works for all relevant network users.
Develop Self and Manage Others
Actively liaise with the Head of Computer Science and Technology Engagement to involve students and teachers in the exploration, understanding and application of computer science concepts and IT software and equipment
Lead the implementation of performance appraisal programmes as required by school policy
Have responsibility for the welfare and professionalism of the IT Team
Ensure a positive school ethos is created within IT Team, in which every individual is treated with dignity and respect. Develop collaborative approaches work
Liaise with HR and oversee the induction of staff new to the school
Set high expectations for the performance of self and of others
Liaise with the Principal in matters related to financial planning and fiscal management strategies to support the school’s development plans
Maintain up to date on matters related to the role through personal and professional research, reading and training.
Management within the Organisation
Liaise with the Principal in an annual review of the organisation of BISU to ensure it meets school needs and statutory requirements.
Oversee the process for the acquisition and distribution of resources, to ensure they meet the schools identified priorities
Manage, evaluate and supervise effective and clear procedures for the operation and functioning of the IT Team, ensure their compliance with all local laws, directives and school policies and procedures.
Ensure BISU adheres to the philosophy and requirements of the school, and of partner organisations/associations of which the school is a member, e.g. COBIS, IBO.
Ensure all relevant school policies are followed, reviewed and updated if required.
Strengthen the Community
Adhere to school policies and practices and promote equality of opportunity and tackle prejudice.
Promote and model good relationships with others.
Reporting
Produce a Manager’s termly report for the Director which will be incorporated in his/her report to the Principal. Subsequently, discussing and answering questions as needed.
Ensure strategic action plans for specified areas of responsibility are produced, in order to bring about improvement.
Manage the analysis of key data as requested.
We offer:
Official employment
Competitive salary
Working schedule: Mon-Fri, 8:00−17:00
Note. Working hours may be subject to variation and call-out at weekends and unsocial hours will be necessary from time to time.
All members of staff are expected to support the Mission and Values of The British International School Ukraine*Please note. Our school is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. Applicants must be willing to undergo child protection screening, including checks with past employers and the Police check.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Керівник IT-проектів
ГИВЦ, КП. Київ.
Руководитель IT-отдела
FreshMart. Київ.
IT-директор
ВиЯр. Київ.
Керівник відділу IT-підтримки 2 рівня
Ашан. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
IT director
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Адмiнiстрацiя, керівництво середньої ланки
Топ-менеджмент, керівництво вищої ланки
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата директора (IT) у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/2674317
Тренінги по темі «IT director»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor