Вакансія: Project Manager (Embedded Department), компанія Sigma Software, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Project Manager (Embedded Department)
Sigma Software
· VIP
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Наукова, 7d.
4,6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
We welcome a Project Manager to be a part of our experienced team working in Embedded Department.Our customer is the leading European heating technology company that develops, manufactures, and markets a wide range of eco-friendly, energy-efficient solutions for indoor climate comfort in all types of property, plus components and solutions for intelligent heating and control in industry and infrastructure.The solution we are creating with our client is meant to reduce energy consumption for customers and for society.To be more precise, we are developing world-class solutions in sustainable energy that help achieve the best concept for any type of property, whether it is an apartment block, an industrial building, a hotel, or a country house.Responsibilities:
Performing overall project planning based on the predefined charter; defining, estimating, and scheduling project work to achieve the scope
Managing, monitoring, and forecasting project successful execution and delivery on time and within the allocated budget
Ensuring internal and external customers management through effective communication at the level required by generally applicable business ethics standards
Coordinating development teams and their leads or/and supervising other PMs
Supporting entire software engineering cycle for an allocated set of projects (Customer Communications, Requirements Analysis, Architecture, Design, Implementation, Documentation, Testing, Deployment, Maintenance)
Performing project risk management
Focusing the team on the result
On-time monitoring of task fulfillment and reporting to management and customers
Taking corrective actions required to deliver complete scope with desired quality on time and within the budget (including scope change management, risk mitigation, etc.)
Performing Configuration Management
Managing Project Documentation
Performing Project Quality Assurance and Quality Management
Contributing to projects life-cycle improvement through lessons learned, project archives, etc.
Taking part in pre-sale activities
Managing projects staff (partially): tracking, coordinating, and notifying management about the need for staff career growth; avoiding conflicts in the team
Requirements:
Strong knowledge of project and program management methodology, tools, and techniques
At least 2 years of project management experience
Strong risk management skills
Strong tactical planning and leadership skills
Good communication and presentation skills to communicate effectively with customers and project teams
Strong organizational, negotiation, conflict resolution capabilities
Advanced understanding of corporate environment and objectives; ability to propose solutions for their achievement
At least Upper-Intermediate level of English
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle Project Manager (Source Code Scan Platform)
Sigma Software. Львів.
Регіональний координатор проекту, ІТ-фахівець, 6 600 – 8 250 грн
Українська благодійницька мережа, благодійна організація. Львів.
Senior Project Manager (Source Code Scan Platform)
Sigma Software. Львів.
Project Manager
ProSteer Group. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3774596
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor