Вакансія: Project manager, компанія Solvve, робота у Дніпрі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Дніпрі
Менеджер проектів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Project manager
Solvve
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Дніпро, вулиця Шевченка, 14.
0,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Hr Solvve ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
We are looking for a Project Manager to join our Dnipro team on a full-time basis.Project description:The project started in July 2018 and now is in the active phase of development. Our solutions are based on the latest technologies.Social network for e-sports (FIFA, Call of Duty, Overwatch …) is being developed with the support of Saudi Arabia and Japan e-Sports Federation. We are creating a high-load system for at least 150 000 users. On this project you will have an opportunity to play games to gain better understanding of user behaviour.Our team: BA, UI/UX, DevOps, Developers (Front-end, Backend, Mobile), QA.Required skills:From 4 years of work experience in a project management;Strong communication and time-management skills;Deep understanding of SDLC and project management methodologies;A proven track record of successful project implementation;Team management;Excellent problem solving;Proactive, forward-thinking nature;Upper-Intermediate EnglishWhat’s in it for you:
Professional growth;
Competitive salary;
Flexible work schedule;
Professional conferences;
20 working-day paid vacations and sick leaves;
Medical insurance;
Free corporate English lessons;
Parking;
Work in a comfortable downtown office with modern infrastructure.
About company:SOLVVE is a US & Ukrainian Outsourcing & Outstaffing company with offices in US, Florida and Dev.center in Ukraine, Dnipro, Kyiv. Our main priority is to provide high-quality services. Our extensive background in software development helps our partners from the USA, Europe and Middle East to implement the most complicated projects. In our job we use cutting-edge technologies allowing our specialists to grow professionally day by day.Expertise: Healthcare, Biometric, Education, Social networks.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Regional Project Manager (telecom field)
Huawei Ukraine LLC (Хуавей Україна, ТОВ). Дніпро.
Project-менеджер
Алеф, корпоративный департамент персонала. Дніпро.
Project Manager
Phonexa. Дніпро.
Менеджер проектов, 10 000 грн
Proposition. Дніпро.
Менеджер проектов
Дніпро.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Дніпрі
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Дніпрі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера проектів у Дніпрі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3855707
Гарячі вакансії
DevOps Engineer.
50 000 – 70 000 грн.*
Реактор. Дніпро.
Тренінги по темі «Project manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor