Вакансія: Junior Content Manager, компанія ProSteer Group, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Контент-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Junior Content Manager
ProSteer Group
Група компаній;
50–250 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Донецька, 8.
1,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Ірина Якібчук ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
We are looking for a Junior Content Manager to join our All Spares team. If you can tell an LCD from LSD, know how flat cables look like, have a good command of Ukrainian, English, and Russian and want to work with texts, maybe, you are the one. We will teach you everything else.Requirements:
Fluent Ukrainian and Russian
Upper-Intermediate English
Practical experience in content management would be a plus
Commercial experience with mobile phones (sales, servicing, etc.) would be a major plus
Tireless attention to detail and dedication to accuracy
Computer literacy
General understanding of E-commerce projects
Desire for learning and self-improvement
Main Responsibilities:
Write technical descriptions of products for websites and market places
Create and manage website content using SEO principles and basic knowledge of HTML (news, articles, landing pages, etc.)
Write and send newsletters
Topic: spare parts for electronics
Working languages: Ukrainian, English, and Russian
We offer:
Long-term employment with annual paid vacation (20 working days) and paid sick leave
Steady job opportunity with various possibilities for professional growth and advancement
Flexible working hours
Numerous possibilities to improve your skills within ProSteer Corporate University, paid external educational programs, workshops, training, etc.
Language classes (Polish, Spanish, and English)
Spacious office with green garden, relax zone and a playground
Work-rest balance support (yoga, massage, etc.)
Secure car and bike parking place
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Контент-менеджер
Лео Кераміка. Львів.
English translator, editor, content writer, 20 000 грн
Livingston Research Group. Львів.
Контент-менеджер, 10 000 – 14 000 грн
Кириченко О.В., ФОП (магазин іграшок). Львів.
Контент-менеджер, 7 000 – 10 000 грн
Letarget. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Контент-менеджер
Content manager
SMM-менеджер
Таргетолог
Блогер
SMM-спеціаліст
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
ЗМІ, видавництво, поліграфія
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата контент-менеджера у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3842619
Тренінги по темі «Content manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor