Вакансія: Project-менеджер, 20 000 – 30 000 грн, компанія АлвариумСофт, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Project-менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 3 березня 2020
Project-менеджер
20 000 – 30 000 грн · Зависит от скилов ПМ
АлвариумСофт
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Харків, вулиця Шевченка, 32.
2,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
We are looking for a junior project manager to join our team.Requirements:• 1+ years of full-time practice as a Project Manager;• Understanding of software development processes, programming languages, experience in WEB products development;• Knowledge of different software development methodologies: RUP, Waterfall, Scrum,• Excellent written/verbal communication and presentation skills;• Experience in modeling and analysis of business processes as well as in creating system prototypes and user interface;• Experience in gathering and formalization / regulation of requirements and writing SRS;• At least Upper-intermediate level of English.Responsibilities:• Participation in pre-sales procedures;• Composing SRS and collecting requirements;• Project evaluation and decomposition of a work scope (creation of WBS);• Managing projects: setting tasks for developers, communicating with developers, communicating with customers, organizing the testing process;We offer:• rapid professional growth: we facilitate a professional growth of our employees and practice rotation between different types of projects;• decent and stable remuneration with a mandatory salary review every 6 months;• new equipment;• social package: paid day offs, paid sick days, paid vacation;• official employment with an accounting and tax expenses support;• a friendly team with strong corporate and mentoring culture;• a comfortable office which is located in a 5 minutes from Kievskaya metro station;• unlimited coffee, tea and cookies.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Agile Project Manager
ITCraft. Харків.
Внедренец, руководитель проекта CRM
Омега, ООО. Харків.
Project Manager with Scrum Master Experience (Communications Solutions)
DataArt. Харків.
Junior Project Manager
Cleveroad Inc.. Харків.
Senior Project Manager (Source Code Scan Platform)
Sigma Software. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Керівник проекту
PM
Scrum master
Project-менеджер
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата project-менеджера у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3844750
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам (IT-оборудование).
15 000 – 45 000 грн.*
Indistry. Харків.
Тренінги по темі «Project-менеджер»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor