Вакансія: Quality manager (Customer Support department), компанія Eurosender, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер підтримки користувачів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 22 березня 2020
Quality manager (Customer Support department)
Eurosender
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Володимирська, 10.
0,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Quality Manager / Customer Support departmentWe are looking for a Quality Manager to join our international team in Kyiv!As a Quality Manager / Customer Support department you will:
do whatever it takes to provide a seamless service to customers;
provide to the customers the answers and information they need through social media, emails etc.;
reply on customer’s comments, inquiries, and complaints in order to build and develop FAQs;
investigate customers' needs in order to perform statistical analysis.
Requirements:
fluent English /or native speaker, good grammar and writing skills;
experience at a similar position — will be a plus
We offer you:
health insurance after a successful probation period;
on-going support and development — to serve as the encouragement you need to grow and become the best professional version of yourself;
uplifts for the work on Sundays;
regular in-house training programs to develop knowledge in the field;
Friday team gatherings and non-conformists team buildings;
young and open-minded leadership — we are perfecting by doing and learning every day so we are ready to learn from you and take your opinions into account;
office in Kyiv center with a multicultural team, friendly atmosphere & free coffee.
We’ve got the skills, the people, the benefits, the right environment and the ability to be truly agile.If you are interested, send your CV in English.All candidates will be interviewed in English.At Eurosender, we are building the industry’s most comprehensive logistics platform that is able to capture the digital demand of shippers in different geographies, draw prospective clients and identify the best logistics solutions for their shipping needs. We have been growing at an extensive rate within the logistics industry and managed to increase our revenue at a rate of 200% a year by enlarging services, as well as expanding the areas covered to over 30+ countries.Eurosender is headquartered in Luxembourg, LU and has offices in Berlin, London, Ljubljana, Kyiv and Gdynia.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Головний фахівець відділу якості послуг та методології департаменту ІТ
Ощадбанк. Київ.
Специалист отдела по контролю качества звонков call-центра (soft-collection), 15 000 грн
Би Эл Джи Микрофинанс, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами (отдел качества), 10 000 грн
Бинотел, ООО. Київ.
Technical support specialist, 12 000 – 20 000 грн
TSTech. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Customer support manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера підтримки користувачів у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3848808
Гарячі вакансії
Customer support representative.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer Support Consultant (fluent Spanish and English).
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor