Вакансія: SEO-специалист, 20 000 – 40 000 грн, компанія Appliance Repair Expert, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
SEO-спеціаліст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
SEO-специалист
20 000 – 40 000 грн
Appliance Repair Expert
Послуги для населення та бізнесу;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Антоновича, 131.
3,5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Ali Aliyev ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Опис вакансії
Appliance Repair Expert is seeking a Marketing Specialist with excellent analytical, communication, and research skills to support our SEO (search engine optimization) and marketing operations efforts. The ideal candidate must have working knowledge of search engine optimization practices and should be up to date with the latest keyword research techniques, search engine algorithm updates, and search engine behaviors. The candidate should also have the ability to create compelling online content that supports SEO efforts and provide marketing operations support as necessary.ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:The following duties are representative of the responsibilities of this position. These assignments may change as the needs and priorities of the organization evolve.
Support the efforts of our SEO of the company by implementing optimization plans based on best practices, supplementing their work with additional audits and research
Plan and execute SEO strategies to meet Google’s guidelines and increase the search visibility, rankings, and organic traffic.
Research and implement international B2B SEO strategies.
Support keyword research by creating online content that is on-brand, consistent in style and quality, and optimized for the target audience
Perform PPC-related activities such as content development, ad copywriting/editing, and analysis to improve market visibility
Work with the marketing team on the day-to-day management and administration of digital marketing campaigns and operations tasks
Create landing pages, forms, and other digital marketing collateral to support internal and external projects and campaigns
Technical optimization — ability to identify, troubleshoot, fix and optimize: toxic and broken links (403 & 404 errors), index coverage issues, keyword cannibalism, duplicate content, uncompressed images, XML Sitemap formatting, Accelerated Mobile Pages, Canonicalization, Robots.txt file.
Reporting — ongoing reporting and analysis of organic and paid search campaign performance.
Link building — develop and implement link building strategy including setting up google notifications, research, outreach, tracking and reporting.
SEO Copywriting — write compelling marketing copy that also contains a researched keyword profile or theme that balances call-to-action messaging with optimized terms for web pages, blogs and assets.
CRO — Ability to analyze landing page performance and behavior of users on website landing pages to identify areas of improvement and articulate conversion rate optimization hypothesis to clients
REQUIREMENTS, QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS & ABILITIES:
3−5 years of B2B SEO experience in keyword research, strategy, competitive analysis, link building, and content generation — experience with international markets a plus
Experience with SEM and PPC advertising
Advanced knowledge of Google Analytics
Experience with marketing automation and CRM platforms, Pardot and Salesforce a plus
Working knowledge of HTML/CSS and content management systems like WordPress
Strong quantitative skills, ability to quickly analyze data and act on it
Graphic design skills a plus
Strong written and verbal English Language skills
Positive and motivated self-starter with minimal need for direction
Highly organized — ability to multi-task, prioritize and manage time effectively
Driven by a desire to achieve meaningful and measurable results
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
SEO-специалист (Middle+)
Boosta ltd.. Київ.
Специалист по контекстной рекламе, Junior PPC-Specialist, 6 000 – 14 000 грн
Coffeeok, интернет-магазин. Київ.
SEO-специалист (с обучением), 12 000 грн
TripHints. Київ.
Специалист технической поддержки, JavaScript-программист (SEO, парсинг, NodeJS), 10 000 – 14 000 грн
NetSolutions. Київ.
SEO Specialist
Tamga. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
Спеціаліст технічної підтримки
SEO-специалист
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата SEO-спеціаліста у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3856266
Гарячі вакансії
Middle/Strong Middle Back-End web Developer.
26 000 – 65 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Программист 1С.
Rozetka. Київ.
Менеджер з зовнішньої реклами.
18 000 грн.
Червоний Маркет. Київ.
Аналитик.
Rost Group. Київ.
Менеджер по интеграции баз данных.
18 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Senior Full Stack Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Менеджер проектов в благотворительный фонд.
63 000 грн.*
Правэкс, ООО. Київ.
Senior 2D Artist (UI).
Voki Games. Київ.
Web-программист.
20 000 грн.*
Коротень А. М., ФЛП. Київ.
Senior Video Software Engineer (С++).
Codeminders. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «SEO-специалист»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor