Вакансія: User Acquisition Manager, компанія Gameloft, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Спеціаліст по закупівлям
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
User Acquisition Manager
Gameloft
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків, проспект Незалежності, 10.
1,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
As User Acquisition Manager you will work very closely with the game teams in order to identify the best user acquisition actions to drive high quality users and revenue to our amazing games. You will report directly to the Team Lead UA based in Paris. Job Description Your responsibilities would include:
Owner of ambitious budgets to grow the Gameloft business, interfacing actions with the global games business plans.
Collaborate directly & closely with game production teams on planned marketing actions: elaborate dedicated and innovative marketing strategies per game in collaboration with the local game teams.
Strategic and operational interaction with acquisition partners;
Plan & operate advertising campaigns across performance growth channels.
Analyze campaigns and use precision optimization to reach games goals.
Focus in creatives concepts to drive the best performance to your campaigns.
Research of new channels, conducting test launches, AB tests and analyzing the results;
Communicate regularly and clearly, to the studio & HQ management teams, the plans, status, challenges to meet objectives
Qualifications To qualify for this position, you must have:
Bachelor/Master's degree in marketing or equivalent experience
2−4 years of experience managing performance marketing or UA campaigns, gaming or mobile experience is a plus
Has executed ROI campaigns of over $200K
Ability to negotiate and defend company interests
Ability to make decisions based on data / to understand the reasons for changes in traffic
Knowledge of analytical tools (BI, monitoring and analysis tools)
Analytical mindset and knowledge of mathematics
Detail-oriented, organized, and highly-motivated
Good verbal, written, and interpersonal skills needed
Passionate about gaming and media is a plus
Additional information Why Join the World of Gameloft?
Because you want to take part in the rise of a dynamic, stimulating, and captivating sector!
Because you want to be part of an exceptional experience, within a company that is constantly growing!
Because you want to work within a team made up of people motivated by, and passionate about, their field!
Because you want to work with talented people who are industry pioneers!
Because you love the idea of expanding your horizons within a cosmopolitan corporate culture and sharing your know-how with colleagues at the other end of the Earth!
Because you want to work with renowned partners and clients such as Apple, Google, Nintendo, Disney, Marvel, and many others!
Because you want to push technology to its limits — to succeed at creating console-quality games for mobile phones!
Because you’re in search of great working conditions and benefits, all within a modern, friendly space!
Or just because you’re looking for a great place to work!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
PPC-специалист по лидогенерации Google Ads, Media Buyer (арбитраж трафика)
SSB Solution. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Менеджер з закупівель
Менеджер з постачання
Категорійний менеджер
Acquisition manager
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста по закупівлям у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3749073
Тренінги по темі «Acquisition manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor