Вакансія: Oracle Consultant, 30 000 – 90 000 грн, компанія Remotal, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Oracle Consultant
30 000 – 90 000 грн · Бюджет до 3000$ net
Remotal · Агенція
Пошук персоналу, HR;
менше 10 співробітників
Київ
Анастасия Гартман ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, дистанційна робота.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
In order to support our customer in the evolution of their Information System, we are recruiting a Technical-Functional Consultant Oracle E Business Suite.You will join the Oracle team on projects such as ERP implementations, migrations, upgrades or Third-Party Application Maintenance.You will have the following tasks in particular:
The framing of the need
Facilitation of workshops with key-users
Analysis and consideration of functional requirements
Writing functional specifications
The definition and implementation of the solution
Parameterization and/or development of specifics
The training of key-users
User support and assistance
RequirementsGraduated from a higher education course in computer science or oriented towards finance/accounting, accounting, production or logistics, you have at least 2 years of experience in projects or third-party application maintenance on Oracle Application.You know Oracle EBS ERP in version 11i and/or R12 and master several of its modules and links (OTC, PTP, AP, AR, AX, SLA, GL, CM, PO, etc…), as well as the technical parts and the development of scripts. Your career path has led you to participate in migrations and version changes.With a good sense of teamwork, but also capable of great autonomy, you are attentive to the needs of your customers and concerned about their operational and budgetary imperatives.Your level of English allows you to communicate both orally and by e-mail in a professional setting.Position
Full-time, indefinite time (long-term)
Full-remote to start, may evolve towards part or full office-based as team grows (Kiev).
Advantages: — 20 days of vacations per year, 10 sick days per year.—
Comfortable office, 5 minutes walking from metro station: Kontraktova ploshcha, Kyrylivska str 15-A
— Compensation of sports or medical insurance.
(100 Euro (no bill required) — Compensation of accounting services (30 Euro a month) — Compensation of liability insurance (140 Euro a month) Recruiting process
Interview with Remotal
Interview with Company’s Director
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Технический специалист pre-sales, инженер систем Oracle
ERC. Київ.
Digital Manager
Спорт-Платформа, ТОВ. Київ.
Контент-менеджер со знанием английского, немецкого, французского, 10 000 – 12 500 грн
BauMitSelect. Київ.
Аккаунт-, Project-manager, 12 000 грн
Авеб. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3858004
Тренінги по темі «Oracle Consultant»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor