Вакансія: Consultant SAP (R/2, R/3, S4/HANA), компанія GFE-Solutions, LLC, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Консультант SAP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Consultant SAP (R/2, R/3, S4/HANA)
Оговаривается на собеседовании
GFE-Solutions, LLC
Промисловість, виробництво;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, Харківське шосе, 201/203.
12 км від центру ·
На мапі
Олеся ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Requirements:
Experience and strong knowledge in business processes of production companies
2+ years of relevant experience in following software (one or multiple): SAP R/2, R/3, S4/HANA with implementation and support;
Experienced in requirements gathering, customer interaction, detailed documentation of requirements, solutions and functional specifications, including the creation of data flows;
Experience in working multiple projects and developments;
Experience in writing User exits and installing Business content objects independently;
Building queries using calculated and restricted key figures, variables, formula and Selection;
Willingness to business travel over Europe
Willingness to study
Responsibilities:
The consultant will assist clients in the implementation and support of SAP modules;
This role uses consulting skills, business knowledge, and packaged solution expertise to effectively integrate packaged technology into the client business environment to achieve client expected business results.
The consultant will conduct workshops, deliver integrated solutions as well as ensure development of functional and technical documentation.
The candidate should demonstrate the capability to analyze business processes, functional and technical requirements.
The candidate should demonstrate deep understanding of SAP package solution implementation tools and methodologies.
Conditions:
Salary is discussed, depends on skills, will increase as the goals are achieved
Office in Kiev
Official employment
During business trips: flights, hotels, daily allowances, business transport — are paid and provided by the company
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
SAP consultant
Національний банк України. Київ.
Фахівець розробки SAP AM
UKRSIBBANK BNP Paribas Group. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
SAP consultant
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3856404
Тренінги по темі «SAP consultant»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor