Вакансія: Lead Business Analyst, компанія Master of Code Global, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 1 квітня 2020
Lead Business Analyst
Master of Code Global
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Володимирська, 101.
2,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Опис вакансії
Here at Master of Code Global, we are expanding our BA community of experts and looking for a BA Practice Lead to help us shape and lead this practice. As it is a new role, you will be reporting to the Client Delivery Director. Together, your responsibility is to build a strong BA center of expertise able to support our clients across the entire SDLC, starting from the pre-sales phase. You are expected to be a servant leader, able to shape the educational and career plan for your community members as well as coach them on the leading BA practices.Requirements:
4+ years of solid experience as a Business Analyst in the IT industry
Advanced English language skills is a must
CCBA or CBAP certified at least a year ago
Demonstrated direct working experience with Clients from North America, Western Europe or both
Strong knowledge and experience in various business analysis activities across the entire software development life cycle as well as different delivery methodologies, requirements soliciting techniques, as well as scope and risk management
Strong interpersonal/customer-relations skills and the ability to guide customer/user ideas into realistic system/functional solutions
High flexibility to adapt to changing stakeholders, requirements but same time ability to structure, control and prioritize the process
Knowledge of business processes optimization and modeling approaches
Experience using requirements management tools (at least JIRA)
Awareness of the latest UI/UX trends in web and mobile development
Proficient in writing functional and nonfunctional requirements, system diagrams, and wireframes
Modeling skills to represent requirements information in graphical form
Experience in delivering functional design and solutions to the business audience
Experience working with UML diagrams (Use Cases, Class Diagram)
Experience in BPMN framework and tools
Excellent problem-solving, analytical and investigative skills
Excellent communication, presentation, and negotiation skills
Motivated by research, investigations, and learnings
A motivated and ambitious leader with a proactive approach
Demonstrated coaching and mentoring skills
Team player
Focused on driving results over processes
Desired skills:
Experience leading a team of BAs in complex project environments, multiple projects or both
Experience in UX/UI prototyping
Proven Experience in building a BA community, incl. development of a Skills Matrix, educational plan, and its successful implementation
Experience at least in two different domains (conversational solutions, e-commerce, web and mobile development are preferable)
Key Responsibilities:
Be instrumental in building and leading MOC’s BA community, including being the coach for the team
Build a scalable and predictable BA practice as-a-service to be used across various stages of SDLC
Establish, educate in and maintain standards for business and system analysis, including key processes, best practices, frameworks, metrics, techniques, templates, and tools of the BA community within MOC
Contribute to the continuous improvement of business analysis practices used as well as other procedures within the company
Create, implement, and monitor a standardized educational plan for the BA practice and ensure that it is up to date with the latest IT industry best practices. Includes establishing a knowledge management process to share best practices.
Ensure that the BA practice representatives are successful on their projects, deliver on expected quality as well as support cases management when needed
Support company-wide transformation initiatives
Benefits:
Onboarding and mentoring process for new Masters
Opportunity for growth and developmen
Medical insurance coverage
Our Team here: https://www.facebook.com/master.of.code.team/
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Business analyst
Кит Групп. Київ.
Бизнес-аналитик, менеджер проектов
Hegelmann Transporte. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик (ІТ, мобільний додаток)
Нова Пошта, ТОВ. Київ.
Business analyst
Betinvest. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Продакт-менеджер
Керівник проекту
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата бізнес-аналітика у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3844914
Гарячі вакансії
Помощник бизнес-аналитика.
18 000 грн.
Алеанза. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Business analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor