Вакансія: Business analyst, компанія Coreteka, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 31 березня 2020
Business analyst
Coreteka
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Here in CoreTeka we help implement IT-innovations into business: starting from business processes analysis up to the completed products. For more than 4 years we’ve been developing expertise in retail, logistics and automotive.We’d like to find out in you:
2+ years of experience as a Business Analyst;
Understanding of development process and technologies of web and mobile apps;
Experience with BPMN and other process notations;
Ability to work in an Agile environment: epic, user story, use case;
Knowledge of UML;
High level of English, both written and spoken.
Nice to have:
Background in logistics;
Experience in interfaces wireframing (e.g. Balsamiq);
Technical background is a strong plus.
We expect you to:
Collect and analyze customers' requirements;
Study on standards of conceptual solutions in software development;
Conduct formalization, visualization and documentation of requirements;
Provide technical writing and specifications;
Actively interact with the client, development team, designers and QA-team during the implementation of the project.
Benefits:
Professional and career growth and development within the fast growing company;
Competitive compensation depending on experience and skills;
Vacation and sick leaves;
Chance to be a part of a friendly and driven team.
CoreTeka has successfully established high reputation at the European, US and local IT-markets, along with implementing unique projects in Ukraine.We also hold thematic events on the regular basis for the purpose of developing the Ukrainian IT community. Besides that,CoreTeka is a permanent participant of such great projects as: Ukrainian Logistics Community and Kyiv IT Cluster, iForum, Kyiv Outsourcing Forum, SE Conference. Join us!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Business analyst
Кит Групп. Київ.
Бизнес-аналитик, менеджер проектов
Hegelmann Transporte. Київ.
Аналітик по роботі зі звітністю в корпоративному бізнесі
Райффайзен Банк Аваль. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик (ІТ, мобільний додаток)
Нова Пошта, ТОВ. Київ.
Business analyst
Betinvest. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Продакт-менеджер
Керівник проекту
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Фінанси, банк
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата бізнес-аналітика у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3439880
Гарячі вакансії
Marketing Data Analyst.
Master Call LLC. Київ.
Сервіс-інженер.
Фора, ТОВ. Київ.
Фахівець з приймання та обліку товарів.
Фора, ТОВ. Київ.
Customer support representative.
20 000 – 25 000 грн.
EPC Network. Київ.
Провідний аналітик (КРІ).
Фора, ТОВ. Київ.
Trainee/Junior C# Backend Engineer.
Artcom venture GmbH. Київ.
Data Analyst BI.
Київстар. Київ.
Lead Generation Manager.
Smart Solutions. Київ.
Controlling specialist, economist.
Artcom venture GmbH. Київ.
Консультант з продажу проектів (інформаційна безпека).
ИТ-Интегратор. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Business analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor