Вакансія: Business Analyst, компанія CodeTiburon, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Бізнес-аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 2 квітня 2020
Business Analyst
CodeTiburon
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Харків, вулиця Трінклера, 9.
2,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
CodeTiburon is looking for a Business Analyst to join our team in Kharkiv.Project: Development of a business automation system for a large Irish/French company that has been providing recruitment services for European companies for more than 30 years (HR industry).Your skills and qualifications:
3+ years of experience as a Business Analyst
Understanding of web and mobile application development processes
Knowledge of Agile (Scrum) methodologies
Advanced English and strong communication skills
Experience in gathering and elaboration of requirements
Experience in writing technical documentation, creation of system diagrams, wireframes, and prototypes
Good knowledge of Confluence, Jira, Figma/Sketch (or similar)
Will be a plus:
Experience in designing applications based on DDD.
Knowledge of iOS Human Interface Guidelines and/or Google Material design
Experience in web development
Your key accountabilities and responsibilities will include:
Gather requirements from the key stakeholders by using various requirement elicitation techniques
Analyze and interpret requirements for their viability against the business objective
Document requirements by creating user stories
Visualize requirements by creating data flow diagrams and wireframes
Be the Requirement Gatekeeper and validate any new requirement for their effect and impact on the existing requirement set of the project
Aid in the development and testing of a product
What we offer:
Professional team
Comfortable office in the center of the city
Bike and car parking
Paid leaves and holidays
Reimbursement for courses, conferences, workshops
If this sounds like you and you have most of the skills and qualifications above please send your CV.We sincerely thank all applicants for applying; if we like what we see and feel you are a match for our position, we will be in touch.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Бізнес-аналітик 1С в Дніпро
АТБ, корпорация. Харків.
Junior Business Analyst, Product Owner
NIX Solutions. Харків.
Business Analyst, Team manager
NIX Solutions. Харків.
Business Data Analyst
NIX Solutions. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Продакт-менеджер
Керівник проекту
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата бізнес-аналітика в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3826393
Гарячі вакансії
Системный администратор.
18 000 грн.
Япошка. Харків.
Middle/Senior developer.
BetPlanet. Харків.
IT-стажер, інженер групи моніторингу систем.
UKRSIBBANK BNP Paribas Group. Харків.
Тренінги по темі «Business analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor