Вакансія: Business Analyst, компанія Master of Code Global, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 1 квітня 2020
Business Analyst
Master of Code Global
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Master of Code Global is specializing in AI-powered conversational experiences and apps & web development. Founded in 2004, we are a US company with development centers in Ukraine (Cherkasy and Kyiv) and Canada (Winnipeg). Our clients mainly come from North America, Western Europe, and the Middle East. Our portfolio includes 400+ successfully delivered projects for clients like T-Mobile, Aveda, LivePerson, Chatfuel, eBags, Burberry, Estee Lauder, and many more.Moreover, we have our own conversational and e-commerce products co-developed with our partners.Our vision is to make a life-changing impact on people all over the world through digital communication experiences. Along this journey, we strive to create a place and a team people will aspire to join.We never stop increasing the quality of our projects, that is why we are looking for a candidate who is:
Business analyst with 2+ years of experience in IT;
QA Engineer, aiming for professional development in the BA field.
Requirements:
Asking the right questions to understand user needs and problems
Requirements elicitation
Analysis of business needs
An ability to structure gathered information into clear requirements
An ability to communicate with different types of stakeholders
Practical experience using various BA techniques (User Stories, Use Cases, Brainstorming, Interview, and others)
Decision-making skills
Performing user acceptance testing
Awareness of the latest UI/UX tendencies of web and mobile platforms
Upper-Intermediate level (B2-C1) of English proficiency
Desired skills:
Experience creating wireframes and prototypes
Experience working with UML diagrams (Use Cases, Class Diagram)
BPMN knowledge
Experience using tools for requirements management (G Suite Services, MS Office, GitHub, Enterprise Architect or any other alternatives)
Experience working with statistics and analytics
Key Responsibilities:
Support your Team in the process of estimation
Hold sync meetings
Elicit and validate requirements
Define, analyze and document business needs and requirements
Manage Sprint planning and monitoring
Consult your Team during the development and testing processes
Benefits:
Onboarding and mentoring process for new Masters
Opportunity for growth and development: we encourage your IIBA certification
Medical insurance coverage
Our Team here: https://www.facebook.com/master.of.code.team/
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Business analyst
Кит Групп. Київ.
Бизнес-аналитик, менеджер проектов
Hegelmann Transporte. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик (ІТ, мобільний додаток)
Нова Пошта, ТОВ. Київ.
Business analyst
Betinvest. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик 1С
АТБ, корпорация. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Продакт-менеджер
Керівник проекту
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата бізнес-аналітика у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3701226
Гарячі вакансії
Middle SEO-специалист.
6 000 – 9 000 грн.
Brighta. Київ.
Сервіс-інженер.
Фора, ТОВ. Київ.
Data Analyst BI.
Київстар. Київ.
Marketing Data Analyst.
Master Call LLC. Київ.
Game Manager.
Lime Devs. Київ.
SMM-менеджер.
12 000 грн.
TMP. Київ.
2D-аніматор.
Voki Games. Київ.
Trainee/Junior C# Backend Engineer.
Artcom venture GmbH. Київ.
Web-программист.
15 000 – 25 000 грн.
Милеста, украинская инжиниринговая компания. Київ.
SEO-менеджер.
Moyo, мережа магазинів. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Business analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor