Вакансія: Product Owner, Business Analyst, компанія NIX Solutions, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Product owner
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 2 квітня 2020
Product Owner, Business Analyst
NIX Solutions · VIP
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Харків, вулиця Каразіна, 2.
1,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Our ideal candidate is an experienced Product Owner or Business Analyst who is self-directed, extremely comfortable engaging all stakeholders, has a basic understanding of data analysis, and a desire to develop in this area. We have challenging projects in the healthcare domain that utilize cutting-edge technologies. You will have an opportunity to work closely with technical specialists.The Product:
A sophisticated data visualization platform that identifies data trends and KPIs to provide insights for decision-making.
A platform that provides REST API for the end user to manage and orchestrate various ML models (mostly Spark/PySpark-based) focused on the different aspects of healthcare.
What We Offer:
Opportunity to be part of a great team that develops data analytics to improve the healthcare delivery process for the millions of patients
Industry best practices in the distributed computation and machine learning domain
Opportunity to improve the product quality at very beginning of the development lifecycle
Professional, friendly, and supportive environment
Comfortable office in the city center
Medical, sports and legal support programs
Job Responsibilities:
Effectively communicate with distributed team members, including executives, managers, IT professionals, and subject matter experts
Work with both Data Scientists and Engineering teams on gathering, prioritizing and further decomposition of requirements
Work with stakeholders on defining the product roadmap and monitoring business value growth
Develop and maintain the project log
Execute acceptance testing and presen the results to the customers and stakeholders
Facilitate teamwork using Scrum principles and oversee engineering team meetings
Basic Qualifications:
2+ years of experience as a Product Owner or Business Analyst
Basic knowledge of the data analysis and data visualization concepts (Tableau, Cognos), distributed computing and related ecosystem
Understanding of the CI/CD principles
Knowledge of Agile software development practices
Proficient in English (Upper-Intermediate or higher)
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Preferred Qualifications:
Technical/software development background and mindset
Knowledge of REST API design
Knowledge of data warehousing and data modeling
Knowledge of distributed compute approach (e.g., Spark)
Quarantine is not a reason to pause your life. Send your CV to [відгукнутися] or fill in the online CV today and have your online interview scheduled. We look forward to meeting you!https://is.gd/IL2A7s
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Junior Business Analyst, Product Owner
NIX Solutions. Харків.
Бізнес-аналітик 1С в Дніпро
АТБ, корпорация. Харків.
Business Analyst, Team manager
NIX Solutions. Харків.
Business Data Analyst
NIX Solutions. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Продакт-менеджер
Product manager
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing manager
Product owner
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата product owner в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3861070
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor