Вакансія: Business Analyst CVM (SQL), компанія Київстар, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 11 березня 2020
Business Analyst CVM (SQL)
Київстар
· VIP
Телекомунікації, зв'язок;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Дегтярівська, 53.
6,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
For the period of quarantine Kyivstar continues his work and takes care that our clients keep in touch with their relatives and friends, being duly provided with high quality information.Our activity hasn’t stopped and most of our employees work remotely. During this complicated period we conduct job interviews online, make job offers and arrange remote working mode for our candidates. Stay at home and we will take care of your job interview, making it comfortable and safe!Main responsibilities
Participate in development and verification of CVM revenue methodology
Conducting regular effectiveness evaluation studies on CVM campaigns
Preparation of regular & ad-hoc analytical reports
Subscribers base segmentation
Implementation & support of online analytical dashboards
Building an effective dialogue and cross-functional cooperation (within Commercial department and with Operational Companies) in business decisions making process
We are looking for someone who has:
Degree in Finance, Economics, Marketing or Management received in reputable university
2−3 years of relevant experience, preferably, in telecom analytics, CRM, marketing
Intermediate English; Russian and Ukrainian both spoken and written
Knowledge of SQL
Strong analytical and data visualization skills
Advanced user of excel (modeling), data mining skills
Ability to learn quickly, multi-task and excellent time-management
Strong project management, interpersonal and organizational skills
Working at VEON demands a high standard of business ethics and adherence to our legal obligations, our values and our Code of Conduct and supporting compliance policies and procedures. Our pioneering spirit is embodied in our values to be customer obsessed, entrepreneurial, innovative, collaborative, and truthful. Being truthful requires us to act ethically, honestly, and with integrity.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Post Launch Business Analyst (SQL)
Київстар. Київ.
Бизнес-аналитик (SQL)
Сбербанк, АО. Київ.
Demo-інженер, бізнес-аналітик (стажер), 5 000 грн
Бизнес Технологии. Київ.
Бизнес-аналитик, руководитель проекта 1С
Everad. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Менеджер проектів
Project manager
Продакт-менеджер
Керівник проекту
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Фінанси, банк
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата бізнес-аналітика у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3845516
Гарячі вакансії
Помощник бизнес-аналитика.
18 000 грн.
Алеанза. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor