Вакансія: Customer support representative, 12 500 грн, компанія Boosters, робота у Черкасах — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Черкасах
Спеціаліст техпідтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Customer support representative
12 500 грн · 10200-14120 and more
Boosters
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Черкаси, вулиця Гоголя.
1 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
We are searching for the best Customer Support Representative to join our office in Cherkassy!As most of our customers are from English-speaking countries, we only speak English with them. Therefore, we are searching for applicants with upper-intermediate/advanced level of English! We work in the sphere of education, and, although we have a few projects, Customer Support Representatives have 2 main responsibilities:
Supporting customers in chat and via the phone (how to place an order? what is the price? what’s with my order? etc.)
Contacting the contractors and checking the quality of their work (was the order delivered on time? does the order meet client’s instructions? etc.)
Our potential employees should have a:
Desire to work and improve;
Good command of English (both spoken and written);
Possibility to work 4−5 shifts a week, including night shifts;
Corporate party survival skill =)
We offer:
Great salary;
Official employment (ФОП);
Free training;
A chance to choose your own shifts;
A comfortable office in the city center.
It will be hard but interesting. We work 24/7, so there are 3 different types of shifts:
Morning shift (7.00 — 14.30);
Day shift (14.30 — 22.00);
Night shift (22.00 — 07.00).
Your schedule will be changing every week. However, you will be able to choose those shifts, which you would be comfortable having (no less than 4−5). The salary is 10200−14120 UAH. However, you can make even more than that! We will train you before your first shift, so you will not need any special knowledge, except for English, of course. You will be paid for the training period, and it will take about a week, but it mainly depends on how much time you will be able to devote to it. Feel free to send your resume — we’ll gladly review it!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Customer Support Representative, 12 500 грн
Boosters. Черкаси.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Черкасах
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Черкасах
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста техпідтримки в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3853756
Тренінги по темі «Customer support representative»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor