Вакансія: Customer Support Representative, компанія UTECH, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Спеціаліст техпідтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Customer Support Representative
UTECH
Транспорт, логістика;
250–1000 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Кульпарківська, 59.
3,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, неповна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
UTECH is a software engineering company speciаlazing in transportation and logistics field. Hiring people for Customer Support Representative position.Located at Kulparkivska St, 59, close to public transportation.*Required Skills and Experience*:
Fluent English & Fluent Russian & Fluent Ukrainian
Multitasking
Ability to learn fast
Ability to work in a high paced environment
Problems solving
Team player
Good diction
Flexible schedule includes day and night shift
Will be good if you have experience in the call center
*Utech offers*:
Competitive Salary
Personal and professional growth in logistics industry
Flexible schedule
Paid Training
Paid Vacation
Friendly Atmosphere
Free English courses, which are paid by the company
Convenient Location
Tea, coffee in the office, at the expense of the company
The latest trends in American logistics industry tend to outsource operationaltasks to Ukraine including customer support, dispatching and management.Starting at UTECH, as a customer support representative, you become a part of the global fast-growing transportation industry with an opportunity to growprofessionally and financially.We provide specialized training: before you start working we will teach you the whole technical part, at the same time we will pay for training as a full-time working day.The period of training is being paid as a full-time working day.Looking forward to meet you in person. If you are interested in your job, please send CV in English on [відгукнутися]
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Drivers’ Support Representative
Real Trucking. Львів.
Operations support specialist
RocketRoute Ltd.. Львів.
Customer Support Specialist, 11 200 грн
Zone3000, IT-company. Львів.
Customer support specialist
Agiliway. Львів.
Инженер технической поддержки
Аптека низких цен. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста техпідтримки у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/2916153
Гарячі вакансії
Спеціаліст з інформаційно-консультаційної підтримки (сербська, хорватська).
23 000 грн.
Ранвей Україна, ТОВ. Львів.
Customer support, Risk Analyst.
10 000 – 18 000 грн.
PayPro Ukraine. Львів.
Middle/Senior App Developer.
MSV Multicall. Львів.
Оператор call-центру.
8 000 – 11 000 грн.
Vodafone Україна. Львів.
Електрик, спеціаліст-сантехнік для монтажу обладнання автомийок (з навчанням).
12 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Lux Wash. Львів.
Robotics Process Automation Junior Specialist.
PwC Service Delivery Center. Львів.
Менеджер по продажам (телефонные переговоры).
30 000 грн.*
YourQuery S.R.O.. Львів.
Оператор з телефонних продажів.
9 000 – 11 000 грн.
Vodafone Україна. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support representative»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor