Вакансія: Customer support manager, 10 000 грн, компанія Сопова А.О., ФЛП, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Менеджер підтримки користувачів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Customer support manager
10 000 грн · Ставка + бонусная система
Сопова А.О., ФЛП
Телекомунікації, зв'язок;
10–50 співробітників
Харків, Московський проспект, 179.
3,7 км від центру ·
На мапі
Юлия ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, неповна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
Our Company provides the highest standards of compliance and verification: Email Support Services/ Customer Care Services/ Chat Support Services/ Programmatic digital media services Business relationships are as diverse as the services we render. Today we proudly serve hundreds of customers in more than 30 countries, spanning 4 continents. Responsibilities: • Verification specialist; • Compliance and customer support team; • Developing, implementing and managing of companies' compliance program; • Performing the due diligence on new Clients, requesting information, documentation, review and verification of received documentation and making an analytical risk assessment for new Clients; • Periodically evaluate existing Clients according to established policies and procedures; • Periodical review of documents records as to completeness, including verifying that due diligence has been performed; • Process entries to open/close clients' account on our KYC / Related Parties and database; • Communicate effectively and efficiently with relevant internal and external parties to obtain documents; • Perform further investigation on identified suspicious client and client’s transactions and report to management.Requirements: • STRONG written and verbal communications skills in English (Advanced); • Good PC skills; • Personal qualities: — diligent and disciplined; — diligent to deadlines; — quick learner.The Company offers: • Competitive position in a fast-paced working environment; • Career and professional opportunities; • Shift work schedule; • Possibility to work on challenging tasks in multinational team of professionals; • Cozy and comfortable office; • Friendly team. Send your CV to our Email, or call us! HR-manager Yuliia
Показати телефон (Viber/WhatsApp/Telegram)
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
IT Support Manager (Fluent English), 10 900 – 13 600 грн
PharmBills. Харків.
Инженер технической поддержки (SQL)
CS. Харків.
Support manager
Art Lemon. Харків.
Специалист службы технической поддержки (QA), 10 000 грн
Турбо.Парсер. Харків.
Специалист технической поддержки, 11 200 грн
Zone3000, IT-company. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Customer support manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера підтримки користувачів у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3776618
Гарячі вакансії
Оператор call-центра.
6 500 – 8 000 грн.*
Roboclick. Харків.
Менеджер по продажам (IT-оборудование).
15 000 – 45 000 грн.*
Indistry. Харків.
Консультант на телефон.
10 000 грн.*
Bauer, представительство в России. Харків.
Оператор вихідної лінії (стягнення проблемної заборгованості).
13 000 грн.
ПриватБанк. Харків.
Оператор контакт-центра, менеджер по подбору персонала.
10 000 грн.*
ElSharm. Харків.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor