Вакансія: Customer Support Representative (English, French, German), компанія Upclick, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Спеціаліст техпідтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 3 березня 2020
Customer Support Representative (English, French, German)
От 12500 грн+бонусы
Upclick
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Харків
Синицына Алина ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
Upclick is a fast-growing, international e-commerce company founded in 2006 with over 300 people in three offices: Canada, Bulgaria, and Ukraine. We specialize in providing e-commerce services to companies that sell digital products, such as software.We are looking for a Customer Support Specialist, who will make it easy and effortless for all our users regardless of their country of location.As a customer service representative at Upclick, you will be responsible for delivering exceptional service to our customers and clients. You will combine your skills, passion, customer-focus, positivity and helpful mindset to elevate our service delivery and be a strong contributor to the overall success we achieve.This position serves as a customer advocate, which involves hands-on contributions to the daily departmental workload handling incoming calls, emails, and chats. Requirements:
Have excellent spoken and written English/French/German skills, any other language is a plus;
Have a high degree of empathy, patience and resourcefulness;
Basic knowledge of a PC in Windows environment;
Be always ready to put customers first, be passionate about helping others.
Your Responsibilities:Provide problem resolution and customer satisfaction which may include: answering calls/tickets/chats in Zendesk system and SM and assisting customers with all pack of questions:
Answering questions regarding the purchase;
Answering questions regarding how to use the software;
Initiating account cancellation and refunds.
Benefits:
Motivating compensation: high competitive salary, bonus system, corporate language classes;
Working with a motivated and talented international team, plus regular team events;
Working in a modern office in Kharkiv in the center of the city, near metro station University;
Flexible shift.
Did we spark your interest? Get in touch and let’s talk!Feel free to contact me via Skype: alina_sinitsyna
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
IT Support Manager (Fluent English), 10 900 – 13 600 грн
PharmBills. Харків.
Специалист технической поддержки, 11 200 грн
Zone3000, IT-company. Харків.
Hosting customer support specialist, 11 200 грн
Zone3000, IT-company. Харків.
Customer Support Specialist, 11 200 грн
Zone3000, IT-company. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста техпідтримки у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3239255
Тренінги по темі «Customer support representative»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor