Вакансія: Buyer Support Services Specialist with knowledge of German, компанія Swissform Ukraine LLC, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Support specialist
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Buyer Support Services Specialist with knowledge of German
Swissform Ukraine LLC
Консалтинг, аудит, бухгалтерія;
менше 10 співробітників
Львів
Тетяна Кузьмич ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Swissform Ukraine LLC is a young firm and Buyer Support Services branch of mother company in Switzerland with more than 70 years on market. Our clients are European car, medical, electronic and industrial equipment manufacturers. We are announcing an open vacancy for Buyer Support Services Specialist with knowledge of German to Sales team in Lviv. You will get not only good experience in the international business environment and daily practice of German in cooperation with native speakers, but also pleasant bonuses from the company. Your Commitment
To become an invaluable expert within your field and develop Swissform Ukraine into a globally market company within your field of expertise.
To be a dedicated and reliable in every aspect of your work.
Your Profile
You will play an important role in strengthening our Buyer Support Services department within international sales team.
You are dedicated to excellence and providing the optimal services to our customers.
Required Qualifications
University Degree (applied linguistics, economical, engineering);
Minimum 2 years of working experience;
High Proficiency in Microsoft Office (particularly in MS Excel), experience of working in ERP systems will be an advantage;
Proficiency in English (Upper-Intermediate or higher: spoken and written);
Proficiency in German (Upper-Intermediate or higher: spoken and written);
Strong customer focus and service orientation;
Outstanding organizational and analytical skills;
Strong decision making and problem solving skills;
Ability to perform desk work and manage routine tasks;
Good interpersonal skills and ability to work in team;
Ability to learn fast.
Personal Qualities
responsible and honest;
self confident and organized;
initiative and result oriented;
very attentive to details;
capable to constant professional improvement;
problem solving skills;
punctual;
capable to analyse quickly and think logically;
self motivated and disciplined.
interpersonal and effective communication skills;
flexible, constructive and solution-oriented — able to compromise;
Main Responsibilities
Work closely with Strategic Buyers and sales team to support ongoing activities and identify areas of improvement;
Create, maintain and correct daily coming purchase orders;
Checking and solving issues with incorrect orders;
Support negotiation process with pre-defined Buyers, prepare request for information;
Prepare periodic and on demand reports;
Ensure compliance with Swissform Supplier Code, Personnel Policy and standard procurement practices.
Salary Level
Depending on qualification and based on the results of the interview
Bonus & Benefits
Official employment;
Competitive salary level;
Training and development in an international company;
Comfortable office and good working conditions.
Terms of Work
Full time position;
Working hours: 8:00 — 17:00
Start: ASAP
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Customer Acquisition Manager with knowledge of German, 15 000 – 22 000 грн
Swissform Ukraine LLC. Львів.
Customer support representative (German language), 18 000 грн
MSV Multicall. Львів.
Hosting customer support specialist, 11 200 грн
Zone3000, IT-company. Львів.
Customer Support Specialist, 11 200 грн
Zone3000, IT-company. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Support specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Логістика, склад, ЗЕД
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата support specialist у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3441582
Тренінги по темі «Support specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor