Вакансія: Customer support representative (Spanish, Portuguese, Romanian, German), 17 000 – 20 000 грн, компанія Eurosender, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст техпідтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Customer support representative (Spanish, Portuguese, Romanian, German)
17 000 – 20 000 грн · Based on experience & language skills
Eurosender
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Володимирська, 10.
0,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
Customer Support RepresentativeWe are looking for a Customer Support Representative to join our international team in Kyiv!As a Customer Support Representative you will:
do whatever it takes to provide a seamless service to customers;
provide to the customers the answers and information they need;
record details of customer’s comments, inquiries, and complaints in order to build and develop FAQs;
keep a close and continuous contact with our partners, the courier service providers;
process orders on a daily basis and mediate the communication between courier companies and customers, by telephone and electronically.
Requirements:
English at level of Upper-Intermediate;
at least Upper-Intermediate level of Spanish, Portuguese, Romanian or German
Will be a plus:
experience at a similar position
We offer you:
uplifts for the work on Sundays;
health insurance after successful probation period;
on-going support and development — to serve as the encouragement you need to grow and become the best professional version of yourself;
regular in-house training programmes to develop knowledge in the field;
friday team gatherings and non-conformists team buildings;
young and open-minded leadership — we are perfecting by doing and learning every day so we are ready to learn from you and take your opinions into account;
office in Kyiv centre with multicultural team, friendly atmosphere & free coffee.
We’ve got the skills, the people, the benefits, the right environment and the ability to be truly agile.If you are interested, send your CV in English.All candidates will be interviewed in English.At Eurosender, we are building the industry’s most comprehensive logistics platform that is able to capture the digital demand of shippers in different geographies, draw prospective clients and identify the best logistics solutions for their shipping needs. We have been growing at an extensive rate within the logistics industry and managed to increase our revenue at a rate of 200% a year by enlarging services, as well as expanding the areas covered to over 30+ countries.Eurosender is headquartered in Luxembourg, LU and has offices in Berlin, London, Ljubljana, Kiev and Gdynia.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Customer support manager with the knowledge of English and German, Spanish or Italian, 14 500 грн
BlueData OU. Київ.
Customer Support, Compliance representative (German Departmant)
Clever 4ever. Київ.
Customer support representative (German)
Govitall. Київ.
Customer Support Agent, 13 000 грн
Конча Солюшин, ТОВ. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста техпідтримки у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3807768
Гарячі вакансії
Customer support representative.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support representative»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor