Вакансія: Senior HelpDesk Specialist, Team Lead, компанія 3Shape Ukraine, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст служби підтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Senior HelpDesk Specialist, Team Lead
3Shape Ukraine
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Польова, 21.
5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
3Shape A/S is a Danish hi-tech company specializing in the production and development of 3D solutions (3D scanners and 3D software) for industrial and healthcare applications, such as hearing and dental aid production, where we have a global leading position.Two graduate students founded 3Shape in the year 2000, and today the company’s fast-growing team of 1600+ employees in 20 offices worldwide (Denmark, Germany, Poland, Ukraine, USA etc.) is serving customers in over 100 countries. We are looking for an experiencedSenior HelpDesk Specialist / HelpDesk Team Lead to work in our Kyiv office.Responsibilities:
Management of the local IT HelpDesk Team
Supervision of the local IT HelpDesk queue and taking care of the proper tickets processing according to existing procedures
Continuous improvement of the IT Helpdesk processes together with the global management team.
Local Events coordination
Handling of escalated tickets
Participation in the local and global IT projects
End users support and building of the IT awareness among employees
We require:
People management skills
Leadership
Positive attitude
Work ethic
Working well under pressure
Wide technical knowledge, especially MS Windows systems allowing you to fluently support end users with their daily problems
Basic knowledge in LANs and connectivity issues troubleshooting methods
Knowledge in Active Directory service giving you fluency in managing user accounts and security groups.
English: at least B2 (Common European Framework of Reference)
Min. 5 Years of experience in the IT department
We offer:
Participation in producing market-leading technology products for customers around the world
Work in a unique professional, friendly and supportive environment
Constant professional growth and development
Occasional business trips to Western Europe
Competitive salary level
Good working conditions in a comfortable office (not open space!) near National Technical University «KPI»
39 working hours per week within flexible time-frame from 8:00 till 20:00
Possibility of partially remote work
A parking lot with free spaces for employees
A healthy work-life balance
Annual paid vacation (24 working days)
Paid sick leaves and a child sick leaves
Maternity and paternity leaves
Medical insurance (incl. massage in the office).
English classes with a native speaker
Compensation of lunches
Regular company events
Opportunity to become a part of the success that 3Shape has created over the past 20 years
We will be glad to welcome you in our team!For more information, visit our web-site: www.3shape.com or contact HR department via e-mail [відгукнутися] or by phone
Показати телефон
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior Customer Support Representative
DexDigital. Київ.
Team Lead Java Developer
Atlas IAC. Київ.
Консультант клієнтської підтримки
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Customer Support Manager
SocialTech. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Helpdesk specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста служби підтримки у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3855767
Гарячі вакансії
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer support representative.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Helpdesk specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor