Вакансія: Customer support representative, 10 000 – 12 000 грн, компанія A1 Logistics Dnipro, робота у Дніпрі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Дніпрі
Спеціаліст техпідтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Customer support representative
10 000 – 12 000 грн
A1 Logistics Dnipro
Транспорт, логістика;
10–50 співробітників
Дніпро
Повна зайнятість, неповна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
AS WE EXPAND WE ALSO LOOK FOR TALENTED CUSTOMER SUPPORT MANAGERS WHO CAN WORK WITH CLIENTS DURING DAY TIME SHIFT.WE ARE: AMERICAN LOGISTICS COMPANY: A1 Logistics Trucking. Since 2006 we are developing the best shipping agency for the USA market, we have main office in Jacksonville, FL We are working for the U.S. market and we are looking for talented individuals with upper-intermediate and fluent English, who would work as shipping agents for our Dnipro or Zaporizhzhia (Ukraine) based branches.REQUIREMENTS: Advanced level of English with good communication skills, ability to learn quickly and work as a part of a team. If you speak Spanish and English it can help you to increase your salary.Scope of activities: — Calling prospective customers with a given pitch.• Arranging the transportation process• Guide the customer during the process of arranging the transportation• Conducting the process of transportation until the delivery.• Provide the best customer service over the phone, emails, text messages.• Manage all orders in our CRM system.• You going to be working with requests that are coming from the customers, so searching for new clients will not be within the scope of your activities.WHAT DO WE OFFER:Great reward for your skills — average salary in the office more than $800.Working schedule is 5 days a week Monday-Friday, from 3:45 PM — 12 AM. With a 35 min break for lunch.This schedule is giving benefit to go to the gym in the morning when everyone is working.Especially when company covers half of the membership for the gym and of the payment for Spanish/English courses.Company pays for taxi that will bring you home after work as well company covers the fuel cost if you drive your own car.Company provides paid training program. During this program you will become experienced shipping agent and gain knowledge that is required to operate on American market.Office is located in the center of the city.Coffee, tea, snacks and fruits are always available in the officePaid vacation, legal employment.We consider only those candidates that send their CV in English to [відгукнутися]Feel free to get in contact with Yuliya
Показати телефонOur Instagram https://instagram.com/a1logistics.dnipro?igshid=1hkmy1zxgfast
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Support manager, 12 000 – 19 000 грн
HRTIS, приватне пiдприемство. Дніпро.
Customer Support manager (English)
M2E. Дніпро.
Инженер сервисной поддержки, 10 000 – 15 000 грн
Де-Ваш. Дніпро.
Hosting customer support specialist, 11 200 грн
Zone3000, IT-company. Дніпро.
Support manager (eng)
Phonexa. Дніпро.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Дніпрі
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Дніпрі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста техпідтримки у Дніпрі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3575786
Гарячі вакансії
Оператор контакт-центра, рекрутер.
10 000 грн.*
ElSharm. Дніпро.
Оператор call-центра.
9 000 грн.
Vodafone Україна. Дніпро.
Менеджер в конструкторский call-центр.
9 000 – 15 000 грн.
Steko. Дніпро.
DevOps Engineer.
50 000 – 70 000 грн.*
Реактор. Дніпро.
Оператор call-центру (гаряча лінія).
11 000 грн.
Альфа-Банк. Дніпро.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support representative»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor