Вакансія: Business Customer Support Manager, компанія Techmedia4u, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер підтримки користувачів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Business Customer Support Manager
Techmedia4u
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, бульвар Тараса Шевченка, 33.
2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Ирина Пономарева ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
An international software development product company «TechMedia4U» is looking for a Business Customer Support Manager who helps us to support our product and make it the best.Requirements:
Good command of English: Upper — intermediate level and higher of speaking and writing
Good communication skills
Experience with using CRM systems
Experience with customer support
Experience with task trackers
Basic understanding of web product development
Basic HTML knowledge
Technical education as a plus
Ability to work both individually and within a team
A quick mind
Problem solver and a very responsible person
Responsibilities:
Support of business users (internal) via various communication channels
Assistance to business users with using the system
Providing education and onboarding to users
Collecting own feedback/users experience and passing to the team
Monitoring system’s activity, reacting to any issues or suspicions
Writing manuals
Solving of any technical and organizational issues
We offer:
Working in a successfully dynamic international company
Competitive salary
Paid sick lists and vacations
Medical insurance
English courses
Flexible work schedule
Work with a professional team
Friendly atmosphere
Corporate events
Cozy office in the city center
We would be glad and happy to welcome you to our team and family:)
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Главный специалист отдела поддержки ИТ бизнес-систем
UNIQA, страховая компания. Київ.
Technical Customer Support Specialist
Cybercube Business Group Ltd. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Customer support manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера підтримки користувачів у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3807617
Гарячі вакансії
Customer support representative.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Customer Support Consultant (fluent Spanish and English).
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor