Вакансія: Lead Generation Specialist (IT Sales support), компанія Newxel, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
IT-спеціаліст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 13 березня 2020
Lead Generation Specialist (IT Sales support)
Newxel
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, Голосіївський проспект, 132.
8,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
We supply IT staff that helps to connect business with talented developers in Ukraine. From long-term contract-based needs to team-based or project-based staff augmentation, Newxel delivers dedicated software teams to fulfill all skill needs.Your responsibilities:
Source leads using LinkedIn and other sources (social networks, forums, direct mailing, open directories)
Validation of assembled bases (qualification on Pre-sales)
Communicate with leads till the call/meeting
Lead generation through different tools
Work with the sales team to develop and grow the sales pipeline to consistently meet quarterly revenue goals
Market research
Maintaining and updating the internal database.
Required skills:
Good analytical skills
Ability to learn quickly
Experienced Internet user with advanced online research techniques
Result orientation, organizational skills, ability to meet deadlines
You are detail-oriented and with a critical mind
Intermediate knowledge of English
You are ready to learn new.
It will be a plus:
Experience in sales
Availability of certificates of attendance of specialized courses and training.
We offer:
A professional environment with great people to work with
Opportunities to make a difference, to develop and grow
Full time but with flexible working hours
Regular corporate events, team pizza lunches
Competitive salary and benefits package that includes wide medical insurance, 24 vacation days, 10 sick leaves.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Консультант клієнтської підтримки
SupportYourApp. Київ.
IT sales manager (B2B), 55 000 грн
De Novo. Київ.
Customer Support Manager
SocialTech. Київ.
Quality manager (Customer Support department)
Eurosender. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Lead generation manager
Лід-менеджер
Lead generation specialist
Менеджер з генерації лідів
Спеціаліст з генерації лідів
Лідогенератор
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата IT-спеціаліста у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3854933
Гарячі вакансії
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Customer support representative.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Lead generation specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor