Вакансія: Support engineer, 30 000 – 45 000 грн, компанія Omilia Natural Language Solutions UA Ltd, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Інженер служби підтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 11 березня 2020
Support engineer
30 000 – 45 000 грн
Omilia Natural Language Solutions UA Ltd
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Новокостянтинівська, 2.
3,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We are currently looking for a Professional Support Engineer to join our Support team and work on monitoring, administrating, supporting Omilia’s cloud services.RESPONSIBILITIES• Monitor and Support Omilia’s mission critical-applications.• Evaluate and prioritize customer support cases.• Address user tickets regarding Development, Systems, Management.• Following standard procedures for proper escalation of unresolved issues to the appropriate internal teams.• Follow up with clients to ensure their systems are functional.• Monitor all assign cases for customer support and update all activities on company tracking system.• Install, configure, administrate and troubleshoot of production and/or internal systems at operating systems and application level.• Provide customer support services upon demand, handling emergencies (telephone support, remote services), low priority problems and technical queries.• Maintenance of WIKI and technical documentation (for support team) of processes and procedures used throughout normal operations.• Follow applications configuration, deployment and support procedures.• Participate in a 24×7 shift schedule if required.REQUIREMENTS• At least 2 years of relevant experience in Support Engineer or System administration or similar role.• Excellent verbal and written commands of English• Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent.• Experience in the Linux Operating System.• Experience in Monitoring Systems (e.g. Nagios/Zabbix/Prometheus)• Experience in Ticketing/Tracking Systems (e.g. Jira)• Experience in Web and Application Server tools administration (e.g. Apache, Apache-Tomcat, Nginx, Wildfly)• Experience in Networking (e.g. VPN, HTTPS, TCP/IP, SSL protocols)BENEFITS• Attractive compensation package• Development in professional growth (courses, trainings)• Friendly working offices• With Omilia, you will work within a great team of likeminded young people, working hard and enjoying every bit of it, delivering disruption in how consumers communicate with organisations all over the world!• With Omilia, you will be able to travel to Greece for team buildings at our amazing HQ offices!About omilia.comAt Omilia we live by the conviction that good technology is invisible to the final user. Our Natural Language Understanding platform, DiaManT® allows the enterprise to finally reap the benefits that artificial intelligence and natural language have been promising for years.Our technology delivers customer care in a conversational user interface, with end-to-end self-service that greatly improves the customer experience and significantly decreases operational costs.DiaManT® delivers a unified and seamless user experience across all channels, with voice, text, and touch. Facilitating immediate transactions, with easy and effective self-services in the Call Center through the IVR, on websites through Chat, and through Virtual Assistants in mobile apps.With current operations and installations in more than 9 countries, including the US and Canada, and case studies with some of the biggest banks and telcos of the world, Omilia sports the fastest growing NLU solution in the market.To learn more about Omilia visit omilia.com
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Консультант клієнтської підтримки
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Customer Support Manager
SocialTech. Київ.
Quality manager (Customer Support department)
Eurosender. Київ.
Customer support manager
AIR. Київ.
Оператор технічної підтримки, 9 000 грн
Воля. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Support engineer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата інженера служби підтримки у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3836979
Гарячі вакансії
Оператор call-центра (ст. м. Лыбедская).
10 500 грн.
Zakaz.ua. Київ.
Керівник проектів та програм відділу впровадження банківських систем (АБС Б2).
Forward Bank. Київ.
Senior 2D Artist (UI).
Voki Games. Київ.
Инженер-монтажник ОПС.
14 000 – 18 000 грн.
Кардинал, охоронна компанія. Київ.
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Оператор call-центра, sales manager.
17 000 – 22 000 грн.*
U-Trust. Київ.
Оператор колл-центра (финансовая сфера).
15 000 грн.*
Бізнес Позика, ТОВ. Київ.
Senior Video Software Engineer (С++).
Codeminders. Київ.
Оператор по обработке данных.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.
Telovox, LLC. Київ.
Инженер компьютерных сетей и информационной безопасности.
Global Bilgi. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Support engineer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor