Вакансія: Customer Support Specialist (English or Spanish), 18 000 грн, компанія Orthodontic Experts Ltd, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Спеціаліст підтримки користувачів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 5 березня 2020
Customer Support Specialist (English or Spanish)
18 000 грн · Висока зарплата
Orthodontic Experts Ltd
Медицина;
10–50 співробітників
Львів
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
Would you like to become a part of our extremely developing company?Orthodontic Experts — is an orthodontic practice with many clinics in the USA and a customer support center in Lviv.We are looking for an English or Spanish Customer Support Specialist!Salary is determined and negotiated depending on English fluencyRequirements:
Searching for a Native Speaker or Proficient level of spoken English or Spanish
Experience in communicating with native speakers (FLEX Alumni, Work & Travel, AIESEC, and other programs represent a big plus)
Ability to learn and act fast in a dynamic environment, with customers from the US
Organized working style, with an eye for detail and a problem-solving approach
Knowledge of computer literacy and good data entry/keyboard skills;
Ability to work 4 pm — 1 am shift (company provides transportation home)
Responsibilities:
Answering incoming calls
Providing support to patients via phone
Resolving patients issues
Scheduling appointments
Entering patient information into a database
No cold calls/Sales (!)
We offer:
Great work environment and young collective
Very competitive salary
Official employment
Improving language level through day-to-day communication with native speakers
Professional development opportunities
If you feel you fit the position, pleasesend us your CV:[відгукнутися]After reviewing your CV we will get in contact with you!PLEASE CALL ON WEEKDAYS ONLY FROM 4 PM TILL 9 PM:
Показати телефон — Roman
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Customer Support, Risk Analyst Specialist (English and Japanese), 10 000 – 16 000 грн
PayPro Ukraine. Львів.
Customer Support Representative (English)
Wow 24-7. Львів.
Operations support specialist
RocketRoute Ltd.. Львів.
Customer Support Representative
UTECH. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Customer support specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста підтримки користувачів у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/2575835
Тренінги по темі «Customer support specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor