Вакансія: Customer Support, Risk Analyst Specialist (English and Japanese), 10 000 – 16 000 грн, компанія PayPro Ukraine, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 6 березня 2020
Customer Support, Risk Analyst Specialist (English and Japanese)
10 000 – 16 000 грн
PayPro Ukraine
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Львів, проспект Шевченка, 5.
0,1 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
PayPro Global is hiring a sharp, bilingual Risk Analyst to join our skillful Risk Management & Support team. Our new teammate will monitor, evaluate and take effective actions addressing the safety of online payments and ensuring the highest levels of security and satisfaction for shoppers all over the world.This is a high responsibility role, working closely with our international Sales, Risk Management and Account Management teams to create top quality experiences. If you are an analytical person, ready to make complex decisions, have a keen eye for details and are a skillful communicator, we look forward to welcome you to our team!Job location: Lviv, UkraineJob type: Full time (working in shifts 24/7)Job level: Entry (0−2 years)Requirements
Advanced level of English (spoken and written)
Intermediate level of Japanese (spoken and written)
Proficient PC and Internet user
Previous work experience in customer care or technical support (online order experience is a plus)
Experience in communicating with native speakers (FLEX Alumni, Work & Travel, AIESEC and other programs represent a big plus)
Ability to learn and act fast in a dynamic environment, with customers from all over the world
Organized working style, with an eye for detail and a problem-solving approach
Availability to work in shifts
Responsibilities
Check accounts and ongoing transactions to detect potential frauds
Analyze data and anticipate potentially fraudulent behavior
Communicate with customers (via e-mail, live chat and phone) and provide efficient support
What we’re offering
Great work environment, where professional growth and team spirit are 2 core values
Competitive salary
Benefits package including yoga and guitar classes, dental insurance and office meals
Flexible schedule
Professional development opportunities
Do you recognize yourself in our description and did our job’s content catch your attention? If the answer is Yes! simply click on «Apply now» and send us your CV or send it at [відгукнутися]. We review all applications so expect to hear from us soon.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Media Analyst (English)
BPO Nextdoor, Inc.. Львів.
Data Entry Analyst with fluent English and French (or Spanish)
BPO Nextdoor, Inc.. Львів.
Research Analyst (English)
Plamencom. Львів.
Media Analyst (Polish, English)
BPO Nextdoor, Inc.. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Тестувальник
Бізнес-аналітик
QA engineer
Business analyst
QA-інженер
Tester
Analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата аналітика у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3840910
Гарячі вакансії
Customer support, Risk Analyst.
10 000 – 18 000 грн.
PayPro Ukraine. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor