Вакансія: Operations support specialist, компанія RocketRoute Ltd., робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Support specialist
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Operations support specialist
RocketRoute Ltd.
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Грабовського, 11.
1 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Необхідні навички
Fluent English language;
Excellent communication skills & phone manner;
Ability to work within a team;
Critical thinking, prioritization skills;
Computer proficiency;
Self-motivation, time-keeping;
Organizational skills, decision making;
Attention to details;
Willingness to work within a departmental 24×7 shift pattern;
Working & communicating under pressure.
Буде плюсом
Fluent knowledge of German, French or any other European language is a plus;
Experience of working and living abroad (Europe, USA) is beneficial as well, or general Geography background or interest (may be tested);
Previous experience in one or more of the following fields: Telephone Support, Aviation, Logistics, Administration;
A mindset directed at preemptive problem solving, pro-active decisions.
Пропонуємо
Great motivated Team;
Comfortable office near Lviv city center at the park area;
Free English Courses;
Trainings, seminars, conferences, certifications etc. fully or partially paid by the Company;
Lunch and coffee/tea provided free by the company;
Pizza/Sushi Day (every Thursday);
Corporate events and celebrations.
Обов’язки
Supporting our flight planning customers in real-time, in relation to software use issues, features, bug identification;
Logging and follow-up of issues using relevant company internal management & IT systems;
Assisting users in filing and managing flight plans as required;
Assisting customers in the use of the RocketRoute Marketplace platform, a Business Aviation service ordering portal.
Про проектThe RocketRoute Operations DepartmentBy filling this position we are looking for a person who is used to working in a team, yet can also perform autonomously. Everything we do, we do with passion and the same is expected from you. This position involves communication via phone and email with the customers, as well as interdepartmental cooperation.The Operations Support Specialist Role is an entry-level position. You will be a full team-member, however your assignments when working will be administrative based. You should be comfortable with this premise, and understand that other team members may be engaged in more complex tasks.The working schedule is based around a roster. The successful applicant is required to work within a 24hr shift pattern. However, at manager’s discretion we may choose to favour something close to ‘office hours', as this is when the majority of workload is. The roster is issued in advance, with patterns set as much as possible. All applicants must be able and willing to work a shift pattern.Due to the nature of shift work, a special agreement is in place whereby over the total course of a year, the total working hours for this position are less than a ‘non-shift work' role. This is in recognition of the impact of shift work. More details may given at the interview.About RocketRouteRocketRoute is an advanced aviation solution provider. We provide services for Airlines, Business Aviation and private pilots. We are a constantly growing and developing company looking for highly motivated professionals who are eager to change the world by implementing new ideas and technologies! If you are one of them, join us!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Buyer Support Services Specialist with knowledge of German
Swissform Ukraine LLC. Львів.
Customer Support Specialist, 11 200 грн
Zone3000, IT-company. Львів.
Customer support specialist
Agiliway. Львів.
Инженер технической поддержки
Аптека низких цен. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Support specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата support specialist у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3847388
Тренінги по темі «Support specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor