Вакансія: ECommerce PHP Middle/Senior Developer, компанія Gameloft, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Програміст PHP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
ECommerce PHP Middle/Senior Developer
Gameloft
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Ideal candidate: This is an exciting time as we are upgrading our data warehouse and we need you to join us in building a rock-solid foundation for our reporting tools that help our teams and our partners make critical business decisions. We are looking for a PHP/MySQL Reporting Developer that is ready to design flexible architecture and bring innovative ideas to the table. Is this you? Then apply!Requirements:
Understanding of Object Oriented Programming
Knowledge of PHP and SQL (preferably MySQL) for back-end development
Very good communication skills, good level of English is a must
Ability to work as a team player, with initiative and openness
Rigorous, self-motivated, fast learner and resourceful
Experience with PHP/MySQL or database design and optimization is a plus
Some relevant experience or a portfolio of projects you’ve worked on is a plus
Job Description: We are looking for a developer that is a quick learner and that will grow together with the team. Feel free to drop us a mail! Responsibilities: You will be in charge of developing a complete system of reporting tools, the core of Gameloft SHOP business decisions. The reporting system you will be responsible of is largely used for monetization strategies and sales performance. You will be:
Participating in the design and implementation of our ETL systems
Database design and optimization
Data mining and data aggregation
Closely interacting with the teams that generate the data
Developing new features and updates for our reporting tools
Maintaining the existing system and tools
Why work for us?
Because you have the chance to put your ideas into practice and build mission critical systems that manipulate large quantities of information (>20M new rows of info daily). Because we are open minded and we will always have time to listen to your ideas and we favor a relaxed, open communication. Because we are a large, multi-national team on a journey to get better at what we do and we’d like to take you along. PLEASE, SEND YOUR CVs IN ENGLISH ONLY!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle+/Senior PHP developer (German product)
Zfort Group. Харків.
PHP Developer (eCommerce Department)
Gameloft. Харків.
Strong Junior/Middle PHP Developer (Online Streaming Service)
Sigma Software. Харків.
Разработчик PHP, 40 000 – 50 000 грн
АлвариумСофт. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Програміст PHP
PHP developer
Розробник PHP
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Back end програміст
Back end developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста PHP у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/2804573
Тренінги по темі «PHP developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor