Вакансія: PHP Developer, компанія CyberChisel, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Програміст PHP
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 5 березня 2020
PHP Developer
CyberChisel
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Львів
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
At Cyberchisel, we are passionate about creating powerful and disruptive technologies that transform how companies do business. Innovative products and, ultimately, our success are rooted in one driving force — our people. Our casual and flexible environment encourages creativity and collaboration, so you’ll have the opportunity to initiate and contribute to challenging projects, while pursuing your interests and developing, both professionally and personally. Bring us your passion, curiosity, and fresh ideas, and be a part of technology innovation at its best! Cyberchisel is a part of intouch holding, a digital communication firm that consults on & provides holistic connectivity solutions. intouch provides a 360 degrees scope of digital services. As such, you will be in touch with people from various fields within our workplace including — but not limited to — web, mobile, e-marketing, hosting, security, consultancy, software engineering and auditing. Job DescriptionWe are looking for an outstanding PHP Developer to be responsible for the coding, innovative design and layout of websites. Your primary focus will be the development of websites and web applications. You will be working along-side other engineers and developers working on different layers of the infrastructure. Therefore, commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and creating quality products is essential. Responsibilities — Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices — Create website layout/user interface by using standard HTML/CSS/Javascript practices — Integrate data from various back-end services and databases — Gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical needs — Create and maintain software documentation — Be responsible for maintaining, expanding, and scaling web solutions — Stay plugged into emerging technologies/industry trends and apply them into operations and activities — Cooperate with web designers to match visual design intent Skills — 6+ months of working experience in web programming — Good programming skills and knowledge of modern HTML/CSS/JavaScript/JQuery/Bootstrap — Familiarity with PHP and MVC Frameworks such as CakePHP, Laravel, Symphony, etc. — Good understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practices — Adequate knowledge of relational database systems, Object Oriented Programming and web application development — Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and use diverse web technologies and techniques. — Good problem diagnosis and problem solving skills— Good organizational skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines — English — intermediate or better— Understanding of code versioning tools (such as Git) Would be a plus — Familiarity with RESTful APIs — Familiarity with using Social Media APIs (Facebook, Twitter, VK, Google, etc.) — Experience with third-party libraries and APIs — Hands-on experience with network diagnostics, network analytics tools — Basic knowledge of Search Engine Optimization (SEO) process — Unix What we have to offer— The opportunity to learn and start working with cutting-edge technologies on a regular basis— Interesting projects— Paid vacation and sick leaves— Benefit and bonuses program— Unlimited tea and coffee— Support for external training programs
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior PHP Backend Developer (Laravel, Symfony, Lumen) in Kyiv
Investors in Ideas Ltd. Львів.
Middle PHP developer
Sebale. Львів.
Програміст PHP, WordPress
Letarget. Львів.
Програміст PHP, Full Stack Web Developer, 5 000 – 50 000 грн
Энигма-Софт. Львів.
Middle PHP Developer, 20 000 – 30 000 грн
Dinmark. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Програміст PHP
PHP developer
Розробник PHP
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Back end developer
Back end програміст
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата програміста PHP у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/2534424
Гарячі вакансії
PPC Team Lead.
25 000 грн.*
Смарт Системс Девелопмент. Львів.
Customer support, Risk Analyst.
10 000 – 18 000 грн.
PayPro Ukraine. Львів.
Програміст 1C.
Барком, корпорація. Львів.
Middle/Senior App Developer.
MSV Multicall. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «PHP developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor