Вакансія: Data analyst, компанія Ozone Technologies, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Data analyst
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 24 березня 2020
Data analyst
По результатам собеседования
Ozone Technologies
Телекомунікації, зв'язок;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, бульвар Тараса Шевченка, 33.
2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Привалова Татьяна ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
An online business is looking for motivated, inquisitive, hardworking Data Analyst who can turn our data into actionable insights for the business. We don’t just want a person to pull reports, rather a person who can make recommendations based on data and a champion of data within our organization. A person who is passionate and can manage a fast paced industry with fast changing priorities and goals. Industry: Online only business, based in Kiev Language: English — An excellent level of English is required for the role Seniority: Mid to senior level role Salary level: Competitive in local marketplace and depending upon experience Key Responsibilities• Maintain a thorough understanding of our products, reporting tools and data across the whole infrastructure of the organization• Monitoring key performance metrics in accordance to set targets, primarily revenues, and customer activity. Forecast and flag underperforming metrics to the appropriate stakeholders• As part of a team, produce all scheduled Daily, Weekly Reports and distribute to the relevant parties.• Be proactive in assisting marketing, product and commercial teams with data to help ultimately increase the revenue of the business• Define, track, and visually share product KPIs to showcase how the products/sites/verticals are performing against our long-term objectives• Ensure the appropriate metrics are defined and the correct data is captured across our products• Provide ad-hoc reports to Senior Management as required from time to time.• Assist with the production of Presentations for meetings where data is required. Key Skills Experience• Experience producing reports for Senior Management — able to add insight and recommendations to the data• Track record of using Microsoft Office to an advanced level particularly Excel and PowerPoint. • SQL skills a requirement• Experience using CRM tools is an advantage (e.g. Optimove) and the ability to build and create campaign ideas based on data• Ability to act quickly and decisively using good judgement in making decisions and performing tasks• Attention to detail is critical as our reports must be accurate• Experience extracting and manipulating data from Service /CRM systems.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Data Scientist
Autodoc. Київ.
Адміністратор БД (МS SQL Server)
ПЗУ Україна, страхова компанія. Київ.
Администратор баз данных, DBA
Авто Интернешнл. Київ.
Аналітик даних (data science)
Креди Агриколь, банк. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Адміністратор баз даних
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Системний аналітик
Data analyst
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата data analyst у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3835853
Гарячі вакансії
SMM-менеджер.
Столичная Ювелирная Фабрика. Київ.
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Software Engineer (Networking).
Codeminders. Київ.
Senior QA engineer (manual).
Micro Focus. Київ.
Senior Full Stack Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Оператор по обработке данных.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.
Telovox, LLC. Київ.
Customer Support Manager (португальский язык).
EvoPlay. Київ.
Customer Support Consultant (fluent English and Italian, Spanish, French).
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Senior Back-End Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
MS SQL Developer.
Whaleapp. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Data analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor