Вакансія: Business Analyst (Intern), компанія Apriorit, робота у Дніпрі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Дніпрі
Бізнес-аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Business Analyst (Intern)
Apriorit
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Дніпро, вулиця Князя Володимира Великого, 34б.
0,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
Apriorit is a product development company and leader in the software services with more than 18 years of experience.We are looking for Business Analyst (Intern) to work on the large security system. You will work with different OS and constantly change to adapt to the requirements of the real world. The project provides a lot of challenges for analysts requiring both deep analytic skills and willingness to learn new technical details. It will allow you to show your creativity and implement your own ideas to minimize customer’s pain and provide the maximum gain.Responsibilities:
Preparing specifications, user-stories, UI mockups (under mentor supervision)
Communication with project team and requirements clarification and discussion
Writing technical documentation for the project
Requirements:
English — upper-intermediate (both spoken and written).
Excellent analytical skills and critical thinking.
Stellar written and verbal communication skills.
Problem solving and decision-making abilities.
Is a plus:
Basic understanding of business analysis techniques, requirements engineering.
Experience in IT industry or IT-related education.
We offer:
Career and professional development.
IIBA Membership and certification.
Participation in conferences and training events.
Regular communication with English-speaking customers.
Large base of educational materials (lectures, books, video footage).
Professional, responsive, and friendly team.
Cozy and comfortable office in the downtown.
Flexible work schedule.
Long-term employment with paid vacations (20 working days) and sick leaves.
Corporate and team-building events.
Relaxation zone equipped with ping-pong table, table football, air hockey.
Tea, coffee, and fruit for a good mood.
Please send us your detailed CV using the link below:https://apriorit.breezy.hr/p/a9c31db652a2-intern-business-analyst?source=work.uaApriorit — A Priority choice!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Business analyst, 60 000 грн
Дніпро.
Business analyst
HeadWorks. Дніпро.
Бізнес-аналітик
ПриватБанк. Дніпро.
Бизнес-аналитик (IT, E-commerce)
Eva, лінія магазинів. Дніпро.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Дніпрі
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Продакт-менеджер
Data analyst
Продукт-менеджер
Product manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Освіта, наука
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Дніпрі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата бізнес-аналітика у Дніпрі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3852779
Тренінги по темі «Business analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor