Вакансія: Real Estate Analyst for Ciklum, компанія Ciklum, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Real Estate Analyst for Ciklum
Ciklum
· VIP
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Ciklum is looking for a Real Estate Analyst to join the Kyiv Facility team on a full-time basis.Position’s role is to manage all Ciklum locations offices rent agreements, offices capacity (analyze its changes due to the offices expansion or reduction) and rent payments control.Responsibilities: Offices capacity (Office space) management
Office space accounting tool (Office space software) daily maintenance;
Resolve operational issues with office managers, co-workers and permanent support in occurred questions;
Office space database filling control on daily base according to internal procedures;
Office space software training for newcomers;
All locations office capacity report preparing with required analytic.
All Ciklum locations lease questions management
All Ciklum locations lease agreements mapping development and updating on regular base;
All Ciklum locations rent related payments control in accordance with lease agreements mapping and relevant documents management;
Rent agreements review in part of commerce, terms, capacity and highlights for other conditions;
Сommunication with USA (and other foreign branches) at immediate cases (new offices search, openings, access provisions etc.) in relevant for this region working hours;
Rent related expenditures budgeting and reforecasting.
Requirements:
High Education (economic/technical);
Analytical skills, ability to carry out several tasks in the same time;
Organizing abilities, high level of responsibility, reasonable tasks prioritization;
English upper intermediate is a must;
Advanced Excel level is a must;
Ability to learn quickly and master new routes and systems is a must.
Desirable:
Experience in rent agreements management and participation in negotiations;
Experience in office space management, office establishment area;
Experience of work with different enterprise systems (1C, NAV, SAP, JIRA, ERM, other) would be a great plus.
What’s in it for you?
Working in a creative and dynamic team environment;
Great opportunities for career and professional growth (attending events, HR networking, workshops etc.);
Possibilities to work in a big and successful company (Best IT Employer 2010);
Long-term full time employment.
About Ciklum: Ciklum is a Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centers in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Аналитик-консультант (недвижимость), 20 000 – 25 000 грн
Evon. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Тестувальник
Бізнес-аналітик
QA engineer
Business analyst
QA-інженер
Tester
Analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Нерухомість
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата аналітика у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3857343
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor