Вакансія: Data Scientist, компанія Asia-Collect, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Data scientist
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Data Scientist
Asia-Collect
Фінанси, банки, страхування;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Дегтярівська, 48.
5,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
CompanyAsiaCollect (www.asia-collect.com) is a pioneer in providing integrated world-class Credit Management Services («CMS») in Southeast Asia. Focused on the $40 billion growth opportunity in non-performing consumer loans, AsiaCollect delivers maximum CMS efficiency for its clients through an integrated product offering, which includes CMS Outsourcing, Debt Purchasing, CMS Advisory Services, and Software Solutions. AsiaCollect ensures that every debt solution reaches an optimal outcome for debtor as well as creditor, and operates on a world-class Code of Ethics, backed by a stringent set of operational risk control processes. Headquartered in Singapore, the Company is active in Vietnam, Indonesia, and India.We are looking for Data Scientist to join us to conduct research and analysis and build production-scale Data Science algorithms on real and rich data sets, to help us with our Collection process optimization. This is a great opportunity to apply your superior experience and expertise in Data Science and Machine Learning to building great products and services that encompass advanced algorithms and vast volumes of data.Responsibilities
Conduct data exploration and discovery analysis on multiple data sources, such as voice/audio data, text data, user communication and behavioural data, finance/payment data, and others.
Conduct experiments with data and build working prototypes to demonstrate the ideas and results.
Utilize latest technologies to build scalable machine learning pipelines and algorithms, specifically on Speech Recognition, NLP and Behaviour Prediction models.
Develop data science components and experimentation on real data, leading to the implementation of machine learning and data science capabilities into products.
Participate in IP creation, such as patenting, case studies, white papers and research papers as determined by business needs.
Collaborate with other AsiaCollect teams to contribute to new use cases for solving problems for customers and clients.
Requirements
3+ years' experience of successful application of machine learning, data mining, and statistical analysis with demonstrable commercial impact and proven tracks records.
Demonstrated ability to take high level, loosely defined business problems and identify precise, quantitative solutions.
Self-starter, capable of experimenting with various tools and developing own code and scripts for data manipulation, experimentation, algorithm implementation, accuracy measurements, etc.
Working knowledge of databases and engines for structured and non-structured data, data transformation (ETL), distributed computing, software development methodologies and data science languages like Python.
Ability to communicate with data in a clear and precise way to business audiences and company customers.
Experience with Speech Recognition and Natural Language Processing in Vietnamese and Indonesia Bahasa languages would be a plus.
Advanced degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operations Research, Mathematics, Statistics or other related fields is preferable.
Preferred to be familiar with basic software development skills, such as agile methodologies, testing and version control.
Good command of both spoken and written English is a must.
We offer
Competitive salary ($)
Comfortable office in Kyiv
Friendly and motivated team across countries
Possibility to work remotely from time to time
Amazing experience of working in international company with colleagues from Vietnam, Indonesia, India, Singapore.
Great opportunity to improve your skills together with company growth
Unlimited tea and coffee at the office :)
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Аналітик підтримки процесів Digital
Альфа-Банк. Київ.
Business analyst
Coreteka. Київ.
Data Scientist
Autodoc. Київ.
Системный аналитик
Медирент. Київ.
Системный аналитик, 18 000 – 25 000 грн
НД, группа компаний. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Тестувальник
Бізнес-аналітик
QA engineer
Business analyst
QA-інженер
Tester
Data scientist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Освіта, наука
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата data scientist у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3856189
Гарячі вакансії
Software Engineer (Networking).
Codeminders. Київ.
Фасилитатор в школу менеджеров.
10 000 – 12 000 грн.
Стратоплан, онлайн-школа менеджеров. Київ.
Business process development manager.
Vega, телекоммуникационная группа. Київ.
PHP-программист.
75 000 – 90 000 грн.*
Мейкап. Київ.
Senior Video Software Engineer (С++).
Codeminders. Київ.
Оператор call-centre, специалист клиентской поддержки.
13 000 грн.
Би Эл Джи Микрофинанс, ООО. Київ.
Оператор call-центра на входящую линию (Deutsch).
Artcom venture GmbH. Київ.
Менеджер по сопровождению (образование за рубежом).
12 000 грн.
IQ Consultancy. Київ.
Customer Support Manager (португальский язык).
EvoPlay. Київ.
2D Character Artist.
Voki Games. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Data scientist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor