Вакансія: Senior Business Analyst for Peeeks, компанія Ciklum, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Бізнес-аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Senior Business Analyst for Peeeks
Ciklum
· VIP
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Львів
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
On behalf of Peeeks, Ciklum is looking for a Senior Business Analyst to join Lviv team on a full-time basis.Main idea of this position is to become a liaison between Business side (Product Managers, External customers etc.) and Development team in order to have a close cooperation for supporting all projects from idea to production, which is not limited to BA activities but also involves PM work. About Peeeks:Are you ready for a new challenge? Can we wake you up for a mix of cloud computing, data streams, distributed systems, IoT and smart optimization technologies? Then we’d love to hear from you! At Peeeks we connect tens of thousands energy devices to the real-time energy markets. We design, build and operate our platform, based on AWS cloud services and develop in Java and Python. Peeeks has a software team, based in Lviv. Responsibilities:
Clearly identify and define business needs and goals.
Collaborate proactively with Product Managers, CTO and development team to reach a common understanding of the solution to address the needs.
Manage requirements communication considering the project’s specifics and stakeholders' preferences.
Manage solution scope, detect and track changes and there requests. Manage solution acceptance criteria.
Prioritize tasks and requirements and manage their allocation.
Interact with Product Managers on project status, planning and estimated delivery date.
Monitor, track and control solution implementation and conduct internal and external solution acceptance.
Evaluate business analysis processes and continuously improve them
Requirements:
Excellent communication and team player abilities.
Structured personality.
Experience in Agile methodologies.
Clear understanding of principles and specifics of software development methodologies.
Knowledge of business process optimization and modelling approaches.
Experience in collaboration with remote teams in different locations / countries. Knowledge of requirements management tools (JIRA & Confluence).
What’s in it for you?
International and enthusiastic team with a start-up mindset, building great things together!
Room for self-development
All the hardware and software that you need
Regular team activities, trips, drinks
A competitive salary
Employment type: full-time experience in business analysis and / or project.
About Ciklum:Ciklum is a Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centers in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Бізнес-аналітик
Meest. Львів.
Junior Business Strategy analyst
PwC Service Delivery Center. Львів.
Бізнес-аналітик 1C
OKKO Group. Львів.
Business Analyst for SAAS project, 21 000 – 45 000 грн
Askep.net. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Продакт-менеджер
Data analyst
Продукт-менеджер
Product manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата бізнес-аналітика в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3854771
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor