Вакансія: Data Research Analyst, компанія Брайтест Майндс, робота у Сумах — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Сумах
Data analyst
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 25 лютого 2020
Data Research Analyst
Брайтест Майндс
IT;
менше 10 співробітників
Суми
Повна зайнятість, дистанційна робота, готові взяти людину з інвалідністю.
Опис вакансії
We are one of the fastest-growing startups in the international market in the sales and marketing automation field. We help to find leads and increase sales of the companies from various business spheres, with the support of modern technologies and individual approach. Your duties: Search of contact information (emails, contact form, etc.) and filling it into spreadsheets, working with marketing automation programs, and daily communication with the team (training course is available for beginners).We are looking for a Data Research Analyst to join our team.Requirements:
Proficiency in English (all communication is in English, interview as well), Intermediate level is a must;
Quick learning and internet-searching skills;
Willing to get new knowledge and practice your English;
Preferable:
Experience working remotely;
Experience working in the marketing/sales automation field;
Upper-Intermediate or Advanced English level.
We propose:
Competitive salary;
Flexible schedule (preferably starting from 10−11 AM);
Remote opportunity or a co-working possibility;
Training;
Competitive benefits package;
Potential career growth in the fields of marketing, B2B sales, SMM and project management. We prefer candidates who want to grow in these fields.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі посади у Сумах
Data analyst
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Сумах
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата data analyst в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3759127
Тренінги по темі «Data analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor