Вакансія: QA Analyst (eCommerce Dept), компанія Gameloft, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
QA analyst
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
QA Analyst (eCommerce Dept)
Gameloft
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Ensure the quality of WAP, WEB sites, test game’s builds and other e-Commerce systems by verifying and reporting failures to meet defined Gameloft standards to provide best product in a shortest timeline. QA is the first and the last team who see sites before user starts surf them, so we’ll have the greatest opportunity to check just created new sites, buy first created games and be the first in GL structure with product approval.Key Responsibilities:• Verifying WAP, WEB sites and other e-Commerce systems, by following the specifications and the project design that he receives (storyboard, particular test instructions) • Reporting results in a clear and complete manner, so that the final project will not contain any errors, functionality and design issues or other deviations from the basic requirements or from the standards that applies in the eCommerce department.Expected knowledge and qualifications:• Strong knowledge of using mobile platforms and willing to learn new ones.• Experienced user of MS Office, Open Office, Google Docs and Mozilla Thunderbird email client• Knowledge of main principles and logic of WAP, WEB sites.• Previous working experience with Redmine is plus• Knowledge of MantisBT system is a plus• Intermediate (or upper) level of English (mails, instant messengers)Additional skills and abilities:• Strong willing to break any system in any possible way. • Out of box, analytical mind. • The ability to learn complex frameworks and procedures with ease, good memory.• Should be independent and willing to take responsibilities.• Ability to sustain quality work even under stress.• Ability to deal with routine work.• Very good communications skills.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Middle Test Automation Engineer (Online Streaming Service)
Sigma Software. Харків.
Software Testing Engineer (Banking App)
DataArt. Харків.
Тестировщик (студент), 5 000 грн
Everybitsoft. Харків.
Trainee QA Engineer
Custom 4 Web. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Тестувальник
QA engineer
QA-інженер
Tester
Програміст Java
Java developer
QA analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата QA analyst у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/2020013
Тренінги по темі «QA analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor