Вакансія: Junior Transport Analyst, компанія Дорнієр Консалтинг Інтеренешенал, представництво, ГмбХ, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 25 лютого 2020
Junior Transport Analyst
Заробітна плата буде визначена за результатами співбесіди
Дорнієр Консалтинг Інтеренешенал, представництво, ГмбХ
Транспорт, логістика;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, бульвар Тараса Шевченка, 18.
1,1 км від центру ·
На мапі
Iryna Chuniak ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Незакінчена вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Success through knowledge and experience.We owe our success to the quality of our services, which are shaped by the talent, the expertise and the commitment of the people at Dornier Consulting International.Do you relish new challenges and are looking for a dynamic, creative work environment where you can excel? Then you could be the perfect match for our team.Responsibilities:
Preparation and submission of requests for data provision to the relevant bodies;
Assisting with transmission of project related documentation;
Data collection and maintaining electronic project datasets;
Management of online file transfers. Sending and receiving documentation;
Ensuring all project phases are documented appropriately;
Preparation of the meeting minutes;
Assistance in drafting project reports;
Drafting analytical notes, carrying out gap analysis and research;
Preparation of project visibility materials and handouts;
Assistance in arrangement of stakeholder meetings and workshops.
Requirements:
Bachelor’s/ Master’s degree in transport engineering, transport planning, traffic management, statistics, computer science or relevant field is required;
Russian, Ukrainian — fluent, English — upper-intermediate and higher;
Perfect written and spoken communication skills;
Strong analytical skills;
Strong organizational skills with attention to detail, as well as strong communication skills;
PC literacy, advanced Excel and Powerpoint skills;
Experience in transport modelling and/or planning is desirable.
Conditions:
Working experience in a friendly and encouraging international company;
Office is located in the city center (5 min from metro «Plosha Lva Tolstoho», «Universytet», «Zoloti Vorota», «Teatralna»);
Schedule: Monday — Friday, 08:30 — 17:30;
The salary will be discussed at the interview.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Бизнес-аналитик (транспортная логистика, региональная)
Rozetka. Київ.
Специалист-аналитик в топливный отдел, 16 000 грн
Оупен Скай Сервісіз. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Тестувальник
Бізнес-аналітик
QA engineer
Business analyst
QA-інженер
Tester
Analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Транспорт, автобізнес
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата аналітика у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3836984
Тренінги по темі «Analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor