Вакансія: Business Analyst, компанія Boosta ltd., робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Business Analyst
Boosta ltd.
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Антоновича.
2,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Шваб Светлана ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Hello there! We are Boosta!And now we are looking for aBusiness Analyst to join our team!We will gladly invite you for an interview if:
You entered Business Analyst life more than 1 year ago
You can find mistakes in this sentence «Largely populated areas is hard to monitor every individual, not remove some species from the beach.», rewrite it and send to us together with your application
You can’t resist simplifying complicated requests, streamlining business processes and know how to eat a whale in chunks
You have that sixth sense that tells you when the user’s request is not what he really needs and you can help to elicit those needs.
You are a rising star in writing. Product managers, marketing and development teams can’t stop reading and rereading your documentation— You always know when and how to supplement requirements with comprehensive graphical models
You are a mix of a nerd, who double checks everything and loves order in everything, and strategist, who can evaluate a feature from a high perspective
You know how to communicate both with developers and managers
You’ve worked in Jira and Confluence before
You will fit in our team if:
You are a team player
You are a fast learner
You are proactive and hate to be micromanaged
You are not afraid of complex tasks and responsibility
You have a great sense of humor
What responsibilities you will have:
Review and validate incoming feature requests for compliance with current state of platform
Translate business needs into a clear technical task
Create new and maintain existing documentation of a project
Close cooperation with Project Manager, Product Owner, Marketing, Product and Development Teams
Educate new team members about the platform and answer incoming questions on features from other teams
Why you’ll want to become part of Boosta:
You will become a part of a team of young professionals ready to share their knowledge and expertise
The project is interesting and dynamically developing on a daily basis
We offer flexible working hours because we believe in a perfect work-life balance— Boosta supports your professional development, thus, is ready to compensate different trainings, conferences, conducts English and speaking classes on a regular basis
We offer outstanding corporate parties, regular team buildings, sport events and much more
You’ll get 18 vacation work days, 5 days off, 5 sick leaves per year— Everyday you will find different treats in the kitchen: cookies, fruit and we even have salad days!
5-minute walk from Olympiiska metro station to the office, great Olympic Stadium view from the window, doesn’t that sound nice?
And of course, you’ll get a competitive salary in Boosta
If you have been looking for an opportunity to realize yourself and your ideas, our company is the place where you should be!About us:Instagram — www.instagram.com/boosta.co/?hl=ru Facebook — www.facebook.com/BoostaOfficial/?fref=ts
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Business analyst
Coreteka. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик
Fozzy group. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик в IT, 20 000 – 40 000 грн
Бюро інноваційних технологій, ТОВ. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик 1С
Май. Київ.
Oracle, VBA бізнес-аналітик
UKRSIBBANK BNP Paribas Group. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Продакт-менеджер
Data analyst
Продукт-менеджер
Product manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата бізнес-аналітика у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3856482
Гарячі вакансії
Senior Full Stack Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Digital Manager.
Спорт-Платформа, ТОВ. Київ.
Програміст 1С.
Хлібні інвестиції. Київ.
Менеджер по интеграции баз данных.
18 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Системный администратор.
Мир Инструмента Украина. Київ.
Инженер компьютерных сетей и информационной безопасности.
Global Bilgi. Київ.
Business process development manager.
Vega, телекоммуникационная группа. Київ.
Оператор по обработке данных.
12 000 – 18 000 грн.
Telovox, LLC. Київ.
Программист 1С.
Rozetka. Київ.
Middle/Strong Middle Back-End web Developer.
26 000 – 65 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Business analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor