Вакансія: Full-Stack (.NET) Developer, компанія Beetroot, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
.Net-програміст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Full-Stack (.NET) Developer
Beetroot · VIP
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
We’re looking for a talented Full Stack Developer to join the family and work with a client based out of Stockholm, Sweden. This is a great opportunity to join a well-structured international team, develop a unique system that simplifies data transactions, as well as customers integrations. Moreover, you will use all the modern technologies. So, our client is a startup company that reinvents the way companies stream data between systems, customers, and partners. Your role is to be a part of the core team designing and implementing everything from databases with surveillance to the design of buttons in the UI.In our collaboration model, you will work and communicate directly with the client’s development team. That means you’ll sit in our office with a really cool group of colleagues, and be in touch with the Swedish side.Responsibilities
Participate in requirements analysis
Collaborate with internal teams to produce software design and architecture
Write clean, scalable code using .NET programming languages
Test and deploy applications and systems
Revise, update, refactor and debug code
Improve existing software
Develop documentation throughout the software development lifecycle (SDLC)
Serve as an expert on applications and provide technical support
What we’re looking for
At least 3 years of experience with C#/.NET
Knowledge of ASP.NET Core (WebAPI)
Good understanding of SOLID principles
Be familiar with OOP/OOD and DI/Ioc as well as design/architectural patterns
Good knowledge of Entity Framework (Code First)
Unit testing
Experience with Angular 2+, TypeScript and HTML5/CSS3
Understanding of Agile methodologies
Excellent troubleshooting and communication skills
Good level of English
Good knowledge of T-SQL
Experience in using version control systems like Git, Mercurial etc
Bonus
BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field
Microsoft Azure experience
You love borsch!
Who are you?There is such a thing as being a true Beetroot.We value people that are eager for improvement. It means that you always try to be the most caring, professional and progressive version of yourself. Your skills and experience are important factors, but your personality, approach and improvement drive are the ones that will make a difference. We hope that you’re a «team person» with an ability to accept responsibility for your work, solve problems pragmatically, and remain a highly motivated individual overall. You’re also an outgoing, well-organized, and efficient individual with a strong ability to prioritize.Now that we’ve covered the basics, let us tell you more about us!About BeetrootWe’re a Swedish-Ukrainian IT company, building dream teams of developers and designers for companies around the globe. As an emerging company co-producing with other emerging companies, we work with the start-up seedlings, as well as the huge oak trees. In essence, we’re the cannonball for our client’s success. With over 300 team members, Beetroot is a family-we're a tightly knit bunch that love spending time together. We want to provide a cozy working environment that’s packed full of trust, equality, and steaming bowls of borsch!Oh, and we provide great perks. Which means…
Working with our minimum level of hierarchy, family-feel team in a comfortable, well-equipped office
Great networking opportunities with international clients
Personal development and professional growth opportunities
Competitive salary, paid vacation, medical top-up, and social benefits
Team building activities like ski trips, Beetroot breakfasts, movie nights… and more!
English lessons with native speakers
Discounted Beetroot Academy courses
Annual allowance to participate in competence-enhancing events
What are you waiting for? Shoot us over your CV in English
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Full Stack .NET Developer/С#, 30 000 грн
Travelport (Galileo). Київ.
PHP Full-Stack Developer, 18 000 – 35 000 грн
Aidalab. Київ.
Full-Stack Web-программист
4Team. Київ.
Senior .Net Web Developer, 50 000 – 80 000 грн
Anionsoft. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата .Net-програміст у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3726653
Гарячі вакансії
Senior Full Stack Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor