Вакансія: Full stack .NET developer, компанія Tateeda, робота в Одесі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
в Одесі
.Net-програміст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 6 березня 2020
Full stack .NET developer
Tateeda
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Одеса, Французький бульвар, 22.
4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, дистанційна робота.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Опис вакансії
Qualifications:—
5+ years' experience developing with .NET and C#— B.S. Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent Extensive experience with .NET, C# and technologies such as WEB API, WCF, and familiarity with latest .NET frameworks— MVC4— jQuery, React JS or Angular JS, Redux— Strong SQL skills— Experience with SOA, Web Services and large distributed systems— Ability to quickly learn new technology and apply knowledge to solve technical and business problems Bootstrap— JSON, SOAP— Azure— Entity Framework— Relational Database— English Upper IntermediateCompany Offers:— Interesting projects and challenging tasks;— Professional and personal growth;— Competitive salary;— 5-day work-week in a friendly and family work environment;— Flexible full-time work;— Ability to work remotely;— English training;— Medical insurance;— Active team building and corporate parties.Duties:— Provide senior-level systems design, development, programming, consultation and support for next-generation application based in C# and .NET 3.5 — 4.7.x relational databases and distributed n-tier application platforms;— Serve as a technical expert in the evaluation and testing of the capabilities, characteristics, and requirements of existing and emerging information systems technologies;— Make recommendations as to the feasibility of implementation of modified or new technologies and/or frameworks;— Maintain and apply a good understanding of business practices to effectively fulfill responsibilities and excellent analytical skills and proven ability to be effective when working on multiple high-priority tasks;— Design, develop and implement unit and scenario testing for existing code base and for new functionality under development, understanding of security-based design patterns;— Play an active role in the design and development of new code and support legacy systems;— Work on infrastructure backlog tasks as assigned;— Participate in scrum agile development process.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Full stack developer, 20 000 – 25 000 грн
Traffic boost. Одеса.
Full-stack ReactNode.js developer
Beetroot. Одеса.
Full-stack developer (Angular 2+)
Beetroot. Одеса.
Full stack програміст
Andersen. Одеса.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади в Одесі
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота в Одесі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата .Net-програміст в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3847975
Тренінги по темі «Full stack developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor