Вакансія: Full-stack developer (Angular 2+), компанія Beetroot, робота в Одесі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
в Одесі
Full stack програміст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Full-stack developer (Angular 2+)
Beetroot · VIP
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Одеса
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
We’re looking for a Full-stack developer (Angular) to join a team of a Tel-Aviv-based, exciting digital agency.Our client is young and talented digital agency that has a high-quality customer service. They are creating complex web-systems and mobile apps for the insurance, logistics, smart-cars etc. You will get a unique opportunity to work with huge projects and be part of a global team that creates surprising and harmonious balances between design & technology. They believe in using a more humane approach to design and technology which makes their mission different and incredible when they make digital dreams come to life with exciting, simple-to-use, new and innovative solutions. Your main task will be to develop new and existing products to meet client needs using such technologies as ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET Core and different versions of Angular and React. In our collaboration model, you will work and communicate directly with the development team. Examples of tasks and responsibilities
develop and support graphical interface;
support existing solutions;
ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs;
build web-projects from scratch.
Relevant experience and abilities
2+ years of experience with of JavaScript;
Experience with Angular framework (version 2 and higher);
Strong knowledge of HTML5/CSS3, jQuery /Bootstrap
Experience with ASP.NET MVC or ASP.NET Core;
Experience working on projects with .Net on back-end;
Good level of English (both spoken and written);
You love borsch!
Who are you?There is such a thing as being a true Beetroot. We value people who are hungry for improvement. Meaning, you always try to be the most caring, professional and progressive version of yourself. Your skills and experience are important factors, but your personality, approach and improvement drive are what will make the difference. We hope you’re a «team person», that you take responsibility for your work, pragmatically solve problems, and that you’re a highly-motivated individual overall. You’re self-going, well organized, efficient and with a very good sense of priorities. What we offer
Work in a friendly, truly inclusive team with a family-like feel
Cozy, comfortable and well-equipped office in the city center
Minimal hierarchy and direct communication with interesting international clients
Personal development and professional growth
Competitive salary, paid vacation and social benefits
Team building activities (Beetroot breakfasts, movie nights, trips, parties and more)
Included English lessons with native speaker to help you grow as a communicator
Discounts on Beetroot Academy courses for our employees and their family members
Yearly allowance to participate in competence-enhancing events
About BeetrootBeetroot is a Swedish-Ukrainian IT company, building teams of developers and designers from Ukraine for European and North American, emerging, IT companies and start-ups. Working at Beetroot should feel like coming home, and we want to build places where people love being together. Today, we employ more than 150 tightly-knit professionals on a basis of equality, responsibility and trust. If this sounds like you, send us your CV in English and a short intro about yourself. Interviews and candidate evaluations will be held in the nearest future. See you soon. /Beetroot
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Full stack developer, 20 000 – 25 000 грн
Traffic boost. Одеса.
Full-stack ReactNode.js developer
Beetroot. Одеса.
Full stack програміст
Andersen. Одеса.
Middle Full-Stack Developer
Wildix. Одеса.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади в Одесі
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота в Одесі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата full stack програміста в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3265113
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor