Вакансія: Middle Full-Stack Developer, компанія Wildix, робота в Одесі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
в Одесі
Full stack програміст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Middle Full-Stack Developer
Wildix
IT
Одеса
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Wildix is looking for a Middle Full-Stack Web developer to join our team in Odessa to work on an innovative Real Time Collaboration Platform including Audio / Video calls, Geo Location, Conferencing and Chat.Skills and Qualifications:
3+ years experience in PHP & JavaScript development;
Deep understanding of OOP, SOLID principles, design patterns and PSR standards;
Good knowledge of MySQL: engines, indexes, optimization, transactions, etc.;
Experience with *nix;
Experience with HTML, CSS;
Strong desire to learn, understand and work.
A big plus, but not required:
Team work experience: Agile, Jira, SVN, Git;
Knowledge and experience with NoSQL databases (Redis, Memcache, MongoDB);
Experience with Unit Testing and Continuous Integration.
Responsibilities:
Working on interesting projects that are recognized in Europe and the USA;
Actively participate in daily project team meetings and brainstorming activities related to the project issues;
Provide updates to effort estimates and status of assigned tasks;
Collaboration with R&D and Support teams;
Provide recommendations to Team Lead to improve development procedures, systems and tools.
We Offer:
Opportunity to work in a young multinational team of professionals;
Paid lunch and vacations;
Flexible full-time work from 10am to 7pm with one hour of lunch break (2—3pm);
Work from home up to 40% of time;
English trainings;
Development trainings;
Networking courses;
Office in the center with good transport connections.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Full stack developer, 20 000 – 25 000 грн
Traffic boost. Одеса.
Full-stack ReactNode.js developer
Beetroot. Одеса.
Full-stack developer (Angular 2+)
Beetroot. Одеса.
Full stack програміст
Andersen. Одеса.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади в Одесі
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота в Одесі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата full stack програміста в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3853003
Тренінги по темі «Full stack developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor