Вакансія: Senior Full-stack Node.js Developer, компанія Playson, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Full stack програміст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Senior Full-stack Node.js Developer
In USD with taxes covered
Playson
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ
Дистанційна робота.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Опис вакансії
Playson is a leading online gaming supplier with a worldwide recognition which was founded in 2012. We offer complete gaming solutions based on the latest technologies and detailed market analysis for the leading iGaming operators.We are looking for a Senior Full-stack Node.js Developer who is ready to take responsibility and be the owner of his stream of work! As a matter of fact, this is a full-time remote position (2 days per week in the office are essential during the probation period).This is the subsidiary project that is not connected to the main business activity, yet, is vital to the company’s business portfolio. Responsibilities:
Become part of a full-stack team of the product, which is positioned as an independent part of the platform
Develop brand new features with a distributed team and be proactive in terms of proposing new ideas
Develop system from scratch
Front-end and Back-end development of new functionality
Code and Architectural review
Transform requirements to a set of various types of tests
Proactive position in solution development, processes improvements
Handle complex problems that might arise during solution development and provide field support with creative and rapid solutions
Technical Requirements:
Backend experience with Node.js (Rx.js, Async, Inversify, TypeScript)
Frontend experience with React.JS (Redux, Redux-Thunk, TypeScript)
Experience in CSS, SCSS (BEM, SMACSS)
Experience with development production-ready solutions
Desirable experience:
Understanding Event Sourcing and CQRS approaches
Immutable
Sinon, Chai
ESLint
SCSS
Understanding of orchestration and virtualization (Docker)
Understanding of application security and industry standards, its best practices
Personal skills:
Ability to deliver the result within the discussed deadline
Ability to relate positively to and engage with a wide range of people
Strong self-motivation, reliable and flexible team-player, who is ready to work in an Agile environment
High attention to details
Always seeking to improve processes and suggest alternatively better solutions
Why work with us?
Join our Seniors in R&D department and create high-load innovative products
Work with cutting edge technologies
Competitive (yes) salary in USD with all taxes covered
Bonus system after probation period
Unlimited paid vacation allowance (true fact!)
Compensation of professional courses, events, meet-ups, etc.
Corporate team-building events, corporate parties
Paid sick leaves in case of necessity
A fast-paced environment where decisions are made
Tired of cliche work and projects? Join the team and reach the highest peaks with us!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior/Middle Full-Stack Node.JS-разработчик
Mysterytag. Київ.
Junior/middle full-stack node.js-разработчик
Agilium Labs LLC. Київ.
Middle/Senior PHP Full Stack Developer в платежную организацию, 19 000 – 48 000 грн
Novalnet Technologies LLC. Київ.
Senior Full-Stack, C#, ASP.NET, MVC Developer
Фокстрот, ГК, УК. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата full stack програміста у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3858717
Гарячі вакансії
Senior Full Stack Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Full stack developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor