Вакансія: Full-stack Javascript Developer, 65 000 грн, компанія Uran Company, робота у Запоріжжі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Запоріжжі
Javascript-програміст
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Full-stack Javascript Developer
65 000 грн · Proposed salary based on interview results
Uran Company
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Запоріжжя
Julia Semiglazova ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, дистанційна робота.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
For work in a company on a permanent basis is required a Full-Stack JavaScript Developer, of «pre-middle» level or above.The main direction — the development of back-end services based on node.js runtime.Main requirements:2+ years experience with Javascript and frontend technologies.Good knowledge of software design patterns and best practices.Experience with (must have):• Excellent knowledge the JavaScript language (including ECMAScript 6+)• Excellent knowledge and experience of working with Node.js platform and its modules.• Excellent skills in working with frameworks and libraries — Express, Koa, Passport, Restify, Underscore, Sequelize, Mongoose, Socket.IO.• Experience in developing REST API for web and/or mobile applications• Strong knowledge of any frontend frameworks — React, VueJs, Angular, Ember, understanding Bootstrap• Understanding of building process using such tools like Webpack, Gulp, Yarn, NPM• Free use of Git branches.• Constant use of unit testing during development.• Written EnglishA big plus:• Having a higher education• Experience in developing under a serverless architecture, Amazon Lambda or a similar one• Experience in working with DynamoDB• English knowledge of an intermediate level and higher • Experience of working in a teamThis vacancy suppose performing a test task OR the presence of the project with a browsable source code in a personal portfolio (public repository or a link to the archive with the source code)Working conditions:Either a permanent job in an office of Bulgaria (residence permit at company expense), for the period of registration of the documents a distant work.Or a permanent work in the office of Zaporizhzhia.Or a distant fulltime work on a permanent basis.Please indicate your salary expectations while sending your CV
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Full-stack, Javascript, web developer
ReZet. Запоріжжя.
Junior javascript (Node.js) developer, 7 500 – 15 000 грн
WeMyIT. Запоріжжя.
Laravel, Full Stack, PHP, Web Developer в Flexi IT, 15 000 – 50 000 грн
Черевко А.И., ФЛП. Запоріжжя.
Full-Stack Web Developer, 20 000 – 40 000 грн
Devfofun. Запоріжжя.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Запоріжжі
Full stack developer
Full stack програміст
Програміст PHP
Web developer
Web-програміст
PHP developer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Запоріжжі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата javascript-програміста у Запоріжжі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3239344
Тренінги по темі «Full stack developer»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor