Вакансія: Customer support representative, 17 000 грн, компанія GG Influencing, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст техпідтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Customer support representative
17 000 грн
GG Influencing
Консалтинг, аудит, бухгалтерія;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, Zhylianska Street, 59.
2,1 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
About us«We help coaches, consultants and service providers to build their own freedom business.»A team of foreign nationals living in Kyiv, we work to help our clients achieve their dream of starting their own location independent business.You will join a hard working, ambitious team, all contributing to build something bigger. We have undergone massive growth in the past year of business. There is potential to grow with us for the right candidates.Job description, responsibilities and duties
You will be responsible for calling and welcoming our new clients to the business and answering questions that may arise
This is a phone based role, you need to be confident speaking English to our clients in an articulate and professional manner. Some clients will not be of a native tongue and it is vital that you are clearly understood
When calls are not scheduled you will be expected to work with intuition, messaging our clients online, scheduling calls or completing administration tasks
A company culture of ‘you get out what you put in'
We are looking for motivated individuals who don’t need constant supervision
Requirements
English — fluent (perfection isn’t required but we are looking for a high level of proficiency)
Must be comfortable being on camera
Motivated team player
You are organised, accurate and able to work from your own intuition.
Standard computer skills, the more advanced the better
Employee benefits
Competitive salary + salary increase based on additional responsibilities
Promotion opportunities for candidate
Full time position in an A-player team
Application ProcessTo apply for this position, please send us your CV in English, cover letter, a recent photo and a screenshot of the results of your personality test from https://www.16personalities.com.We would like to thank all the applicants for their interest. We will contact only candidates who match the profile we are looking for. Thank you for your understanding.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Консультант клієнтської підтримки
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Customer Support Manager
SocialTech. Київ.
Quality manager (Customer Support department)
Eurosender. Київ.
Customer support manager
AIR. Київ.
Оператор технічної підтримки, 9 000 грн
Воля. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста техпідтримки у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3844519
Гарячі вакансії
Интернет-маркетолог.
25 000 – 30 000 грн.*
Время Газа. Київ.
Senior Full Stack Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
QA Engineer.
UMG (United marketing group). Київ.
Оператор call-центра, менеджер телефонных продаж.
10 000 – 17 000 грн.*
MLux. Київ.
Керівник проектів та програм відділу впровадження банківських систем (АБС Б2).
Forward Bank. Київ.
SMM-менеджер.
Столичная Ювелирная Фабрика. Київ.
Оператор call-центра.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Системный администратор облачных сервисов.
28 000 – 32 000 грн.
De Novo. Київ.
Оператор call-центра в отдел продаж.
15 000 грн.*
Oiler. Київ.
Оператор call-центра, sales manager.
17 000 – 22 000 грн.*
U-Trust. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support representative»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor