Вакансія: Customer Support Specialist, компанія Brainstack, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст підтримки користувачів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Customer Support Specialist
Brainstack
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Нововокзальна, 3.
2,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Brainstack_ is a team of intelligent, fun-loving people working on their own products that truly have value. Some of our products have already made their name In US, Europe, Central and South America, and we keep catching up with new products conquering new territories. We think that creating great products requires absolute teamwork, no matter which position you occupy: every task, every pixel, every code line makes a difference.We’re looking for Customer Support ManagerAbout your team:As a young team of 24+ professionals, supporting one of the TOP products in the field, we can offer you the «perks package» on a daily basis.We appreciate sharing points of view and fresh ideas across our department.By active participation in monthly demos with Dev-team, we keep-up with every innovation in the product and to get involved in its development.Being a part of our team, you’ll have regular 1−2−1 meetings with your Manager, with support and guidance to set and then meet your personal career objectives.You’ll be a part of an open, friendly and fun environment with lots of regular social events, movie nights, shisha outside the office, breakfasts, fruit as well as workshops and external trainings to make sure you get the most from our co-operation.Requirements:
Fluent English (both oral and written)
Strong communication skills
Previous experience in Tech Support (preferably app support)
Experience in communicating with native speakers
Time-management skills
Acquaintance with IT sphere
Stress resistance, ability to work in a high-loaded atmosphere
To be ready to work 2-day 2-off 2-night shifts schedule
Other features:
Possibility to be part of the creative environment and make your input to it;
Variety of social and professional activities;
Friendly and warm culture;
PE employment;
24 calendar days of vacation paid per year;
Medical insurance paid after successful trial period;
Free English courses;
Documented sick days paid;
3 non-documented sick days paid;
Fruit/yummies in the kitchen
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Консультант клієнтської підтримки
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Customer Support Manager
SocialTech. Київ.
Quality manager (Customer Support department)
Eurosender. Київ.
Customer support manager
AIR. Київ.
Оператор технічної підтримки, 9 000 грн
Воля. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Customer support specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста підтримки користувачів у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3843041
Гарячі вакансії
Оператор call-центра.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Business process development manager.
Vega, телекоммуникационная группа. Київ.
Java Developer.
Micro Focus. Київ.
Senior 2D Artist (UI).
Voki Games. Київ.
Software Engineer (Networking).
Codeminders. Київ.
Тестировщик 1С.
ВиЯр. Київ.
Системный администратор облачных сервисов.
28 000 – 32 000 грн.
De Novo. Київ.
Аналитик.
Rost Group. Київ.
Инженер-монтажник ОПС.
14 000 – 18 000 грн.
Кардинал, охоронна компанія. Київ.
Менеджер по обслуживанию клиентов (колл-центр).
20 000 грн.*
Maxi Group Kyiv. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor