Вакансія: Customer Support manager (English), компанія M2E, робота у Дніпрі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Дніпрі
Менеджер підтримки користувачів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Customer Support manager (English)
M2E
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Дніпро
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
M2E provides unique solutions for businesses working with the biggest marketplaces — eBay, Amazon, Walmart.If you want to be a part of a team developing own platform for eCommerce services and make a valuable contribution to the creation of High Load project — join us!We are looking for a talented person to hold a position of Support manager.Responsibilities:
technical support via the ticketing system
prioritizing user requests
analyzing and testing the operation of the application
providing individual solutions for customers based on their business needs
Requirements:
English — Upper-Intermediate or higher
analytical skills: to evaluate the information and decompose high-level information into details
a challenging and inquiring mind
attention to details and tenacity
quick logical thinking
It might be an advantage if you have:
experience as a technical support (or similar — QA, technical writer)
experience in eCommerce (Magento/eBay/Amazon) area
What we offer:
work in the product IT company
friendly atmosphere
employee benefits
constant development
no bureaucracy
modern and comfortable office with a cabinet system
If you are interested in this vacancy, please send your CV on email [відгукнутися])
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Customer support representative (night shift), 12 000 – 15 000 грн
A1 Logistics Dnipro. Дніпро.
Customer support representative, 10 000 – 12 000 грн
A1 Logistics Dnipro. Дніпро.
Support manager, 12 000 – 19 000 грн
HRTIS, приватне пiдприемство. Дніпро.
Customer Support, специалист по поддержке пользователей, SMM-менеджер
Candy Grill. Дніпро.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Дніпрі
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Customer support manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Дніпрі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера підтримки користувачів у Дніпрі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/1154727
Тренінги по темі «Customer support manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor