Вакансія: Customer support representative, компанія WiserBrand, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Спеціаліст техпідтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Customer support representative
WiserBrand
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Харків, вулиця Сумська, 17.
0,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Hey, are you keen on taking care of others and have great attention to detail?If so, then you’re the one we’ve been looking for ;)Join our ranks of customer support heroes!We are in the process of building a team for our US client — an Insurance company.Requirements:
English skill level: Upper Intermediate +
At least 1 year of work experience in customer care or related fields;
Ability to resolve challenging situations and focus on the client’s needs;
Great attention to detail;
If you have any basic knowledge of insurance business, it would be a big advantage.
Responsibilities:
Taking care of customers, contacting them via phone, chat and email;
Ensuring the best quality of service;
Working with data entry systems and CRMs;
Closely collaborating with the US customer care department;
Working evening shifts (from 15:00 to 24:00 Ukrainian time — taxi expenses will be compensated).
We offer:
A full-time job and a long-term contract;
Flexible working hours with compensated overtime;
Creative and lively team of IT specialists, adequate management and zero unnecessary bureaucracy
Stable pay in USD and a performance-based yearly bonus;
Official employment, help with managing your taxes and accounting;
18 business days of paid vacation, 40 hours paid sick leave;
Career and professional growth opportunities;
Office in the center of Kharkiv;
We’re always stocked up on snacks and coffee, free lunches on Fridays;
Frequent team building events, birthday celebrations.
About us:We`ve started 4 years ago as a small firm providing SEO and SMM services to the US- and UK-based clients. Eventually we grew into an IT outsourcing company fully equipped to offer web development, data science, digital marketing and great customer service for clients from all over the globe. We have 2 development and support offices here in Kharkiv with about 90 people in total.We’re always excited to welcome new professionals in and strive to grow together as a team.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
IT Support Manager (Fluent English), 10 900 – 13 600 грн
PharmBills. Харків.
Инженер технической поддержки (SQL)
CS. Харків.
Support manager
Art Lemon. Харків.
Специалист технической поддержки, 11 200 грн
Zone3000, IT-company. Харків.
Инженер технической поддержки
Симкорд, ООО. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста техпідтримки у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3551385
Гарячі вакансії
Консультант на телефон.
10 000 грн.*
Bauer, представительство в России. Харків.
Оператор контакт-центра, менеджер по подбору персонала.
10 000 грн.*
ElSharm. Харків.
Менеджер по продажам (IT-оборудование).
15 000 – 45 000 грн.*
Indistry. Харків.
Оператор вихідної лінії (стягнення проблемної заборгованості).
13 000 грн.
ПриватБанк. Харків.
Оператор call-центра.
6 500 – 8 000 грн.*
Roboclick. Харків.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support representative»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor