Вакансія: Customer support specialist (USA, Canada, Mexico), 10 000 – 30 000 грн, компанія Logity, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Спеціаліст підтримки користувачів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 9 березня 2020
Customer support specialist (USA, Canada, Mexico)
10 000 – 30 000 грн · Basic salary + %
Logity
Транспорт, логістика;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків
Анастасия Вагнер ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
Logity is a leading agent of the global transportation company Landstar, delivering thousands of loads worldwide daily. We help our employees to become professionals in logistics and earn decent money right from the start.Our company has a strong background and more than 8 years in the transportation industry. We have a broad range of loyal customers: from small farms to huge manufacturing companies. Requirements
Intermediate English — written and spoken — a must;
Excellent communication skills;
Multitasking and fast decision making skills;
Client-based mentality.
Responsibilities
Consult new and existing clients about company’s services;
Monitor cargo orders, deliveries and customer satisfaction;
Provide value control of every transaction;
Add obtained information into a local database.
Rewards
Start: from 10 000 UAH / month;
Average salary: 30 000 UAH / month;
Maximum rate: unlimited.
Work conditions
Official employment;
Training;
Mentor 24/7;
Mon-Fri, from 2 p.m.;
Сomprehensive bonus system.
No micromanagement, no red tape, but the energy to achieve, pave your own way to success, and make your new self day by day.Forward your CV to Logity with the button below.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
IT Support Manager (Fluent English), 10 900 – 13 600 грн
PharmBills. Харків.
Инженер технической поддержки
Verna. Харків.
Customer Support Representative (English, French, German)
Upclick. Харків.
Инженер технической поддержки (SQL)
CS. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Customer support specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста підтримки користувачів у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3841984
Тренінги по темі «Customer support specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor