Вакансія: Customer Support Specialist, 14 000 – 24 600 грн, компанія Livingston Research Group, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст підтримки користувачів
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Гаряча вакансія
Customer Support Specialist
14 000 – 24 600 грн · Paid in USD $$$
Livingston Research Group
Освіта, наука;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Богдана Хмельницького.
1 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
Livingston Research is a young and dynamic Ed-Tech company, which has been on the market for the past 10 years.Our mission is to provide students with educational support enabled by technology, connecting tens of thousands of students with freelancers around the world to provide help and support with any homework related issues.We are looking for passionate and enthusiastic people, who are ready to go above and beyond for the position of a Customer Support Specialist.Do not miss out on the opportunity that allows you easily combine it with your studies and get valuable experience that is well compensated.Necessary qualifications:
Excellent communication skills;
Advanced written and spoken English;
Ability to work night shifts (at least 2 per week, 11PM — 7AM) to cover our Western Markets;
Experience working with native English speakers is a plus;
Participation in international exchange programs is a big plus (e.g. FLEX, Erasmus, etc).
A desire to learn and develop.
Responsibilities:
Interact with existing customers via text message interface;
Advise on the order procedures;
Provide assistance with the web interface;
Handle complaints and issues;
Cooperate with other teams to reach goals;
NO calling involved whatsoever;
We offer:
Opportunity to combine employment with studies (flexible schedule);
Competitive salary paid in US dollars ($650+, based on hourly rates) and performance bonuses);
Personal performance bonuses — Sky is not the limit:)
Friendly, professional and ambitious team with a constant access to HR manager;
Constant support from experienced Team Leaders within the team;
Corporate outings and team-building activities several times a year;
Comfortable, amazing office in the heart of Kyiv (5−7 mins walking distance from Universytet or Zoloti Vorota metro stations).
Opportunity to build a career and gain an experience that will serve you in a long-term perspective;
Non-monetary perks such as Birthday presents, rewards for good performance, holidays celebration;
Unlimited coffee/tea, snacks and fruits, pizza Tuesdays;
Bonuses for referring friends (referral program).
Ready to supercharge your career? Apply now!If you are still hesitant, check out more about us here Join us on FacebookOr follow us on Instagram
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Консультант клієнтської підтримки
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Customer Support Manager
SocialTech. Київ.
Quality manager (Customer Support department)
Eurosender. Київ.
Customer support manager
AIR. Київ.
Оператор технічної підтримки, 9 000 грн
Воля. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Customer support specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста підтримки користувачів у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3721053
Гарячі вакансії
Senior Front-End Web Developer (React.JS).
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Керівник проектів та програм відділу впровадження банківських систем (АБС Б2).
Forward Bank. Київ.
Оператор call-centre, специалист клиентской поддержки.
13 000 грн.
Би Эл Джи Микрофинанс, ООО. Київ.
Middle/Strong Middle Back-End web Developer.
26 000 – 65 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
SMM-менеджер.
Столичная Ювелирная Фабрика. Київ.
Senior Back-End Web Developer.
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Аналитик.
Rost Group. Київ.
Програміст 1С.
Хлібні інвестиції. Київ.
Оператор call-центра.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Оператор колл-центра (финансовая сфера).
15 000 грн.*
Бізнес Позика, ТОВ. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor