Вакансія: IT Support Engineer for Ciklum, компанія Ciklum, робота в Одесі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
в Одесі
IT-інженер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 11 березня 2020
IT Support Engineer for Ciklum
Ciklum
· VIP
IT;
більше 1000 співробітників
Одеса
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Ciklum is looking for an IT Support Engineer to join Odessa IT Department on a full-time basis.It is a position for young, energetic, self-organized and highly motivated talents who would like to develop their career in a big international IT company.Responsibilities:
Service Desk System tickets management
Daily users support of hardware/software issues
Assistance to Infrastructure Engineers in setup/maintenance of servers and network equipment
Cooperation with Procurement in terms of delivery and logistics
Negotiation with IT service providers
Cooperation with remote IT Support Team on IT projects
Update IT processes according to details of office workflows
Performing hardware/software inventories and keeping this information actual
IT Stock management
Requirements:
Education — higher
Experience on similar (IT support) position from 2 years
Knowledge of Windows 7−10, Mac OS X, MS Office 2007 — 2016
Knowledge of Google Apps, Active Directory, GPO
Understanding of ITIL principles, good communication skills
English — intermediate
High level of communication is a must
Calm, responsible, initiative, self-organized, eager to learn
What’s in it for you?
Variety of knowledge sharing and training opportunities
A lot of various technical seminars
Unique working environment, where you communicate and work directly with client
Competitive salary
Career and professional growth
Possibility to work in a big and successful company
Long-term employment with 20 working-days paid vacation and other social benefits
State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions
About Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centers in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Call Centre Support Engineer (VoIP)
Autodoc. Одеса.
Специалист технической поддержки (немецкий)
Hyperstardev. Одеса.
Customer Support Specialist
Readdle. Одеса.
IT-эксперт (Приморский)
Цитрус. Одеса.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади в Одесі
Менеджер проектів
Тестувальник
Project manager
Керівник проекту
QA engineer
IT-engineer
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота в Одесі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата IT-інженера в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3836000
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor