Вакансія: Senior Customer Support Representative, компанія DexDigital, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст техпідтримки
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Senior Customer Support Representative
DexDigital
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Шота Руставелі, 27А.
1,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
DexDigital is a product company engaged in the creation and promotion of content on Western markets. We are a full-cycle company — we cover the whole process from writing content and working with clients to development, administration and marketing.We are looking for Senior Customer Support Representative who attaches importance to self-realization, self-development, result-orientation and wants to build a career as Customer Support Team Lead in the nearest future.Your mission: to build up a relationship of trust with our English-speaking clients and provide them with superb customer service (we don’t have cold calling).What we expect from you:
experience in Сustomer Support / Sales on Western market;
spoken and written English level no lower than Upper-Intermediate;
you know how to prioritize and effectively multitask;
you are ready to take responsibility for your decisions and the decisions of your team;
you know how to work under pressure and make sensible decisions;
you know how to get along with anyone and resolve conflicts with minimal losses;
you can provide turnkey solutions and find the best way out in case of force majeure.
Here are your tasks for the first 3−6 months:
integrating yourself within the company;
implement the plan of the quality of customer support 90%+;
build technical expertise in our CRM.
What else you should know:
you can rich the opportunity to build a career and gain an experience that will serve you in a long-term perspective;
education is an important part of the workflow and the culture of our company, we offset the cost of training;
we are result-oriented — each team member has KPIs;
we provide an opportunity to realize your potential and implement your ideas;
we have a corporate library and speakings clubs;
the schedule is flexible — we mix 3 shifts (7:00 — 15:00; 15:00 — 23:00; 23:00 — 7:00), 2 night shifts per week are required;
after 3−6 months on Lead position the schedule will be from 9:00/11:00 to 18:00/20:00.
the company provides a reimburse for a taxi to morning and from night shift;
10 vacation days and 5 days of sick leave per year;
we like to have board games together and spend active weekends;
unlimited coffee/tea, snacks and fruits, pizza day;
our office is located in 5 minutes walk from Palats Sporty or Ploscha Lva Tolstogo metro stations.
If you want to build a career in an ambitious company and become a manager in the future — send us your CV to our email or Telegram @MariaDexDigital and we will discuss the details :)Something more about us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/DexDgtl/
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior HelpDesk Specialist, Team Lead
3Shape Ukraine. Київ.
Консультант клієнтської підтримки
SupportYourApp. Київ.
Customer Support Manager
SocialTech. Київ.
Quality manager (Customer Support department)
Eurosender. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста техпідтримки у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3852267
Гарячі вакансії
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Customer support representative.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Customer support representative»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor