Вакансія: Help Desk Support Specialist (USA), 20 000 – 25 000 грн, компанія Фортуна, рекрутинговое агентство, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Спеціаліст help desk
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Help Desk Support Specialist (USA)
20 000 – 25 000 грн
Фортуна, рекрутинговое агентство
· Агенція
Пошук персоналу, HR;
менше 10 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
We are looking for Help Desk Support Specialists to become part of our growing business and our team. You’ll work at our office in Kiev, supporting our clients in the USA. You’ll troubleshoot hardware & software, setup user accounts and profiles, while providing great customer service.US based company that installs and supports POS systems, provide Help Desk, training and programming and on-site services. As the Industry leader we offer real solutions to the food service industry in terms of POS systems, inventory and cost analysis, and labor management.DESIRED SKILLS & EXPERIENCE
Excellent English-speaking skills (B2/C1 — Fluent) are required. You will have an interview in English and need to be ready to express your thoughts and speak about you experiences as well as learn a huge technical knowledgebase with support of our CEO’s and Associates.
Must have a positive and enthusiastic approach to work
University Degree
IT support experience would be a plus
Restaurant management experience is a big plus
Strong communication and interpersonal skills
Be part of a team to a deliver quality service to our clients
Excellent time management and task prioritization skills
Must adhere to all company policies and procedures set by Company.
DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES
INCOMING CALLS ONLY
Provide Technical support to our clients over the phone and the remote support tools
Log and track calls using call tracking software, maintain records related to call and call problem resolution documentation
Brainstorm with managers and team members to resolve complex problems and difficult issues and escalate it to the team lead for advanced technical assistance if needed
Maintaining proactive approach to the customers
WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT
Working shifts: 8.00 — 17.00, 16.00 — 01.00 (corporate Uber will take you home after the night shift)
COMPETITIVE compensation based on experience
Official Employment and fully transparent / official Remuneration payments
A great working environment full of challenges and opportunities for growth.
The On-the job trainings (you will be taught all technical knowledgebase)
Medical Insurance after probation period
Tea, coffee, snacks, fruit in the office.
Corporate events with the Business Owner.
The office is located near the metro Kontraktova Square.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Інженер служби підтримки (Service Desk), 8 000 – 10 000 грн
SI BIS. Київ.
Системный администратор, специалист технической поддержки (HelpDesk)
Евросвет. Київ.
Инженер технической поддержки (Help Desk)
Evos, IT-компания. Київ.
Специалист, менеджер по технической поддержке, Support Agent (YouTube)
Yoola. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Customer support representative
Support manager
Системний адміністратор
Javascript-програміст
Javascript developer
System administrator
Help desk specialist
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата спеціаліста Help Desk у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3697724
Гарячі вакансії
Customer support representative.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer Support Specialist.
14 000 – 24 600 грн.*
Livingston Research Group. Київ.
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Help desk specialist»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor