Вакансія: Logistics Sales Manager (USA, Canada, Mexico), 32 000 грн, компанія Logity, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Менеджер з продажу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Logistics Sales Manager (USA, Canada, Mexico)
32 000 грн · Basic salary + %
Logity
Транспорт, логістика;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків
Татьяна ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
We are looking for people who don’t look for instructions. Here at Logity we count hits, not attempts. And we are seeking those who are aiming at the same target. Our corporate commandments are pretty simple: First, no useless corporate commandments. Second, the better you do your job, the bigger raise you get. No whining, no idling, no faking, but making more each day. Our people are free to define their course, set goals and shoot them without long manuals and boring supervisors.Now let us give you some facts about us. Logity is the leading agent for the global transportation company Landstar, controlling thousands of carriers and cargoes en route throughout the United States and beyond. We have been operating for Landstar for seven years, and today are listed as one of its most effective agents with the highest profit performance worldwide. To keep growing, we are looking for a new Logistics Sales Manager. What you should do:→ Liaise with US-based clients, vendors, and carriers to provide on-time delivery at the most favorable price. → Monitor cargo orders including value control of every transaction. → Oversee deliveries, ensuring they are timely, and maintain accurate cargo logs. → Pitch to new clients and carriers. What you should be:→ At and above Intermediate level of English→ Good communication skills→ Strong self-management and problem-solving skills→ Experience in sales and logistics is a plus What we offer:→ Basic salary + Bonus system:→ Start: from UAH 10,000 / month. → Average salary: UAH 30,000 / month and higher. → Bonuses are a percentage of each closed transaction on the accounts you brought on board. Conditions we provide:→ Official employment without probation→ Sales and logistics training plus mentor guidance→ In-house English classes→ Mon-Fri, from 2:00 p.m.We believe that OUR PEOPLE are distinguished by the ability to think independently and be proactive. We’re looking for specialists with a good command of English, but what we need most is the readiness to keep doing your thing and push forward day by day. Note that after sending your CV and passing our initial assessment, you will be interviewed in three stages: personal interview with HR, test of your English level and technical interview with your future mentor. And all these worth the result.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Logistics coordinator (USA, Canada, Mexico), 30 000 грн
Logity. Харків.
Менеджер по продажам авто из США, 20 000 – 50 000 грн
Columb Trade. Харків.
Freight Broker, Logistics Coordinator (USA), 10 000 – 27 000 грн
Logity. Харків.
Экспорт-менеджер автомобилей из США, 15 000 – 30 000 грн
On Export. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
Продаж, закупівля
Логістика, склад, ЗЕД
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з продажу у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3838227
Гарячі вакансії
Региональный менеджер по продаже сельскохозяйственной техники.
30 000 грн.*
Интертехинвест, ООО. Харків.
Менеджер по продажам (IT-оборудование).
15 000 – 45 000 грн.*
Indistry. Харків.
Менеджер по продажам онлайн (горячие заявки).
12 000 грн.*
JustKids. Харків.
Менеджер по телефонным продажам.
Новый Стиль, АО. Харків.
Менеджер по продажам.
14 000 грн.*
NZ Маркет. Харків.
Тренінги по темі «Sales manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor