Вакансія: Regional Sales Manager OTC (West region), компанія Bayer Ukraine, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Регіональний менеджер
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 12 березня 2020
Regional Sales Manager OTC (West region)
Bayer Ukraine
Сільське господарство;
250–1000 співробітників
Львів
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Bayer Ltd, a leading multinational company, is opening a position of Regional Sales Manager OTC. West region (Lviv, Volyn, Rovno, Zakarpatska oblast)Major tasks and responsibilities:
Responsible for sales KPS management and development.
Ensures strategy development on his/her territory
Provides regular and ad-hoc performance assessment in sales. Contributes in key business goals achievements
Ensures quality and quantity of sales visits
Ensures marketing performance focuses on product promotion
Analyses and monitors data, sales report on regular basis
Contributes to the professional development of employees
Budget management
Participates in cross functional projects
Qualifications:
University degree, preferable Medicine/Pharmaceuticals
People management experience +3 years
Previous experience as Medicine Representative +2 years
Strong knowledge of the main principles of marketing and management
Solid organizational skills and sales team management.
Excellent interpersonal, communication and negotiation skills, ability to work effectively with huge data and different tasks simultaneously.
Key competencies: Drives Results, Plans and Align, Builds Effective Teams, Strategic Mindset
Readiness for business trips
English Intermediate level is an advantage
BAYER offers a highly dynamic work environment within an ambitious and experienced team. Flexibility and freedom of work are as well important to us as accountability for our actions and commitment to success.If you are the person that fulfills the requirements above, please send your CV in English to e-mail: [відгукнутися]Sending your CV to the mentioned E-mail you agree for the processing and usage of your personal data in accordance with the Rules of ConfidentialityPlease, note that only the shortlisted candidates will be contacted.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Региональный менеджер Западного региона
Delta Medical. Львів.
Региональный представитель (Западный регион, водонагревательная и отопительная техника), 17 000 грн
Персонал-Сервис, рекрутинговое агентство (Киев). Львів.
Менеджер з продажу, 10 000 – 20 000 грн
West Auto Hub. Львів.
Менеджер зі збуту (місто, область), 10 000 – 30 000 грн
Global Trade UA. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Менеджер з продажу
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Sales manager
Regional manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
Медицина, фармацевтика
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата регіонального менеджера у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3853341
Гарячі вакансії
Оператор з телефонних продажів.
9 000 – 11 000 грн.
Vodafone Україна. Львів.
Менеджер по продажам (телефонные переговоры).
30 000 грн.*
YourQuery S.R.O.. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Regional manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor