Вакансія: Sales manager (sport brands), компанія Puma, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер з продажу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
Sales manager (sport brands)
Puma
· VIP
Роздрібна торгівля;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Болсуновська, 13-15.
3,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Olena Tereshchenko ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
PUMA is one of the world’s leading sports brands, designing, developing, selling and marketing footwear, apparel and accessories. For over 65 years, PUMA has been producing the most innovative products for the fastest athletes on the planet. PUMA offers performance and sport-inspired lifestyle products in categories such as Football, Running and Training, Golf, and Motorsports. PUMA distributes its products in more than 120 countries and employs more than 13,000 people worldwide and is headquartered in Herzogenaurach/Germany.We are looking for a talented candidate and team player to join our Sales Team in Kyiv.YOUR MISSION:
Achieve the business plan related to the volume, turnover and budget for wholesale activity for the customers responsible
Develop and maintain an excellent relationship with existing customers
Collect information regarding potential major clients, trends and developing opportunities
Manage accounts through business planning, inventory control and analysis
Negotiate delivery, payments and other conditions according with the business plan for wholesale customers of Puma
Deliver all required reports on time
Close cooperation with Marketing Department regarding marketing program and activity implementation for customers
Close cooperation with Retail Department regarding Sportstyle division;
Deliver all required reports on time
YOUR TALENTS:
Good sales experience, preferably in Lifestyle/Fashion industry
Strong knowledge of Lifestyle segment (brands, trends, target audience)
Knowledge of main Lifestyle retailers in Ukraine
Strong verbal and written communication skills in English language at a business level
High level of energy, initiative and professionalism
Pro-active attitude, drive for result personality, team player
Advanced computer skills (MS Office), SAP — is a plus
YOUR BENEFITS:
Competitive compensation and bonus package
Discount on products
Medical Insurance and life insurance
Training and development
Modern and international environment
Informal company culture
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Product Line Sales Manager (Prestigio Solutions-IDS)
Asbis-Украина. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам
Интеркабель Киев. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам в магазин швейных машин "Швейкин", 16 000 – 22 000 грн
Евротриумф, ООО. Київ.
Sales Manager, 20 000 – 70 000 грн
UAC CGI. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з продажу у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3835113
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам недвижимости, риелтор (ст. м. Контрактовая площадь).
22 000 грн.*
Concord, агентство недвижимости. Київ.
Менеджер з продажу (В2В).
25 000 грн.
Meest. Київ.
Менеджер активных продаж.
20 000 грн.*
Guru.Team. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
17 000 грн.
Коротень А. М., ФЛП. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам со знанием немецкого (Forex).
50 000 грн.
Work Out Lead. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
15 000 – 40 000 грн.
Вилла люкс, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам, по работе с клиентами.
18 000 грн.*
Work Out Lead. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам нефтепродуктов.
20 000 грн.*
Линии Контрактов, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер корпоративных продаж.
42 000 грн.*
Уан Кард, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер по телефонным продажам.
11 000 – 30 000 грн.*
Хаскі Аутсорсинг, ТОВ. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor