Вакансія: IT Sales manager, 20 000 – 50 000 грн, компанія Lazarev.Agency, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер з продажу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
IT Sales manager
20 000 – 50 000 грн · Ставка + Бонусы
Lazarev.Agency
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Казимира Малевича, 48.
3 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Hey there,We are «Lazarev Agency» and we design websites and interfaces mostly for companies within the United States and Europe. In Ukraine, we work with «Ukravtodor», «kmbs», Lviv city council and many others. Also, we won 8 international design awards, that’s why you can be sure that our solutions are truly awesome. We are looking for sales managers who will help our customers make the right decision in solving business problems.Who are you, our candidate?
At least 6 months of experience in IT;
Design knowledge will be a plus;
English level from Upper-Intermediate: 90% of customers are from the USA, so we need spoken and written English;
Perseverance and self-organization person: we used to work with people for whom difficulties aren’t a problem, but a way to pump themselves and become better;
A HUGE desire to evolve in sales: we are looking for not just an employee, but a member of the family in whom we will invest time and knowledge. We need motivated people with big goals and dreams!
Description of responsibilities:
Preparing commercial offers;
Communicating with our potential costumers;
Working only with HOT database;
Participation in project budgeting, evaluation, and execution;
Achieving sales plan.
What can we offer you:
Cozy office in the center of Kiev (Palace of Ukraine station);
Competitive salary + bonuses;
Free tea/coffee;
Personal growth system surrounded by young and purposeful colleagues;
No bureaucracy;
Corporate profile trainings on related topics (yeah, we love to learn!);
A team of passionate people, who genuinely care about what they do and the standard of work they produce
If you needed to use google translate to understand this text — this position is not for you!Did your heart just skip a beat? Would you like to join us?Looking forward to seeing your resume and a short paragraph about yourself!See you at the interview
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
IT sales manager (B2B), 55 000 грн
De Novo. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам IT-услуг
Дабл-Ю Нет Юкрейн, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер з продажів IT-обладнання
ERC. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (В2В), 15 000 – 25 000 грн
IT Education Center. Київ.
Менеджер з продажу (Америка, IT-послуги), 280 000 грн
Soft.ua. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з продажу у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3849092
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам нефтепродуктов.
20 000 грн.*
Линии Контрактов, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
15 000 – 40 000 грн.
Вилла люкс, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер по В2В-продажам продукции бытовой химии и уходовой косметики.
20 000 грн.*
Симпатик Групп. Київ.
Менеджер активных продаж.
20 000 грн.*
Guru.Team. Київ.
Менеджер корпоративных продаж.
42 000 грн.*
Уан Кард, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам шин и дисков.
10 000 – 50 000 грн.*
МПК Таерс, ООО. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
15 000 – 30 000 грн.
A-Cars. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам со знанием немецкого (Forex).
50 000 грн.
Work Out Lead. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (запорная трубопроводная арматура).
УкрАрматура, ТОВ. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам (горячая база, Forex).
60 000 – 85 000 грн.*
FXChoice. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Sales manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor