Вакансія: Senior Sales Manager, компанія Leobit, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Менеджер з продажу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Senior Sales Manager
Leobit
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Львів
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 5 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Leobit (leobit.com) is a full-cycle web and mobile application development provider for the technology companies and startups primarily located in the US and the EU. Our technology focus covers .NET, Angular, React, Ruby, PHP, iOS and Android a comprehensive range of other technologies from Microsoft, Web, and Mobile Stacks.Leobit is looking for a Senior Sales Manager to work as a part of our Business Development team.Responsibilities:
Manage internal Technology Partnerships program
Manage Lead Generation programs and Outbound Sales Programs (including LinkedIn, UpWork, matchmaking programs, and cold outreach)
Improve Funnel effectiveness and conversion rates by strategic development of chosen channels
Overview & management of the engagement process, including documentation, technical project estimates & sales quotes/proposals
Advise customers during the pre-sales process on most suitable Tech stack, development process, and best practices
Requirements:
At least 4 years of proven experience in sales/business development/lead generation in IT
Experience with lead research and qualification
Experience with CRM/customer databases
Experience with WBS, RFIP, SOW, MSA and related documents
Experience in Project Management/software development (would be a plus)
Understanding of inbound and outbound lead generation process
Good knowledge of software development lifecycle, web and mobile tech stacks
Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Applied Maths, Computer Sciences, Economics, International Relations, Management, Business or similar
Level of English: Upper-Intermediate (at least) or Advanced
We Offer:
An opportunity to quickly grow as a professional and experience with a variety of inbound/outbound channels
Potential growth to be promoted to a head of partnerships overviewing local and foreign tech and business development partners
Competitive compensation and regular results-based salary review
A broad range of professional education and possibilities for personal development
Comfortable and cozy working environment
Motivated colleagues with profound knowledge of a technical field
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам
Koderline. Львів.
Менеджер по корпоративным продажам (B2B)
Koderline. Львів.
Территориальный менеджер по продажам, 25 000 грн
Петрус, группа компаний. Львів.
Менеджер по продажам, 15 000 грн
Гермес. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з продажу у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3732059
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам (телефонные переговоры).
30 000 грн.*
YourQuery S.R.O.. Львів.
Оператор з телефонних продажів.
9 000 – 11 000 грн.
Vodafone Україна. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Sales manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor