Вакансія: Senior Sales Account Manager, 18 000 – 22 000 грн, компанія Verve Energy, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Менеджер з продажу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 10 березня 2020
Senior Sales Account Manager
18 000 – 22 000 грн · Depends on experience
Verve Energy
Послуги для населення та бізнесу;
менше 10 співробітників
Київ, Maidan Nezalezhnosti, 2.
0,1 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Verve Energy is one of Scotland’s leading energy consultancies. We are specialists in utilities, communication and account management. We work with our UK clients to ensure they get the best from their utilities providers.Due to continued success and ambitious growth plans we have now opened a new small office in the centre of Kiev at Maidan Nezalezhnosti. We’re looking to recruit an experienced, driven and customer-focused Senior Sales Account Manager. You will target clients in United Kingdom via telephone. You’ll be tasked with not only sourcing new clients for Verve, but you will be in charge of a small team and will work directly with directorYou Must be a confident English speaker, with good telephone manner. Experience in sales, business development and account management is essential for this role — And experience within the energy & utilities sector would be desirable but not essential. if you have the motivation, aptitude and drive to succeed in this fast-paced role. Self-motivated people with initiative who understand hard work as being integral to the output of a team will flourish in this role.Key areas of responsibility will include:
Relationship building with new and existing contracts and accounts
Regular contact with clients to review bills, check meter readings and identify and solve client issues
Compiling weekly reports for Directors
Working closely with other employees to ensure high standards and targets are met
Assisting to open supplier accounts for new sites or close accounts at old ones
Arranging for and managing meter and supply installations
Essentially your role as part of the Verve account management team will be to help your customers gain an insight into how they use their utilities more efficiently. You’ll deliver a first class customer experience at all times with your expert knowledge and exceptional customer service.In return for your talents and loyalty, Verve are delighted to offer the following:
A competitive basic monthly wage 18000 — 22,000 UAH (dependant on experience)
Regular performance-based salary reviews
Top class training from top industry specialists
Great Commission and bonuses
Regular sales incentives & awards
Verve Energy is a staff focused enterprise. We believe that in order to be successful, we need a strong core staff. It is therefore our priority that the staff are trained, motivated, empowered and appreciated to the highest level, in order to deliver excellent customer service and to maintain stability and latterly growth within the business.So if you think you have the skills and attributes we’re looking for please click ‘apply' to send us your CV with a covering letter outlining your suitability for this role.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Senior Key Account Manager
Zhisheng Ukraine LLC. Київ.
Спеціаліст з обслуговування клієнтів, менеджер з продажу банківських послуг, 19 350 грн
ПриватБанк. Київ.
Специалист по работе с клиентами, инвестиционный консультант, sales-менеджер, 15 000 грн
Фрідом Фінанс Україна, ТОВ. Київ.
Senior sales manager, 12 000 – 30 000 грн
LinkAdd.In. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з продажу у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3844648
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам со знанием польского языка (Forex).
40 000 грн.
Work Out Lead. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам со знанием немецкого (Forex).
50 000 грн.
Work Out Lead. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
15 000 – 30 000 грн.
A-Cars. Київ.
Менеджер по работе с клиентами.
15 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Система дистанционного обучения Эйнштейн. Київ.
Менеджер активных продаж.
20 000 грн.*
Guru.Team. Київ.
Консультант, менеджер по работе с клиентами.
20 000 грн.*
Maxi Group Kyiv. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам недвижимости, по работе с клиентами, риелтор.
25 000 – 50 000 грн.*
Alfabrok.ua (Альфаброк, ТМ). Київ.
Менеджер по В2В-продажам продукции бытовой химии и уходовой косметики.
20 000 грн.*
Симпатик Групп. Київ.
Менеджер по продажам.
17 000 грн.
Коротень А. М., ФЛП. Київ.
Менеджер по оптовой торговле (B2B, упаковочные материалы).
27 000 грн.*
Baloo Extrusion. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Sales manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor