Вакансія: Sales manager (North America), 10 000 – 27 000 грн, компанія Logity, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Менеджер з продажу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Sales manager (North America)
10 000 – 27 000 грн
Logity
Транспорт, логістика;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків
Марина ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
Logity is an official agency of a major american logistics company Landstar (founded 1988, USA). We are looking for a Sales Managers for Kharkiv team. Logity makes goods move and businesses work, managing hundreds of loads around the world daily. We deliver special-purpose transportation solutions better than anyone else in the industry.Start your career in an international company — get the profit you need!Your main responsibilities
Work with an existing customer base and form your own;
Build and maintain strong, long-lasting customer relationships;
Close transportation agreements and provide detailed instructions to the logistics coordinators of Logity;
Ensure accurate and successful delivery of our solutions according to customer needs and objectives based on signed contracts and agreements.
Rewards
Start: from 10 000 UAH / month;
Average salary: 30 000 UAH / month;
Maximum rate: unlimited.
Skills & Requirements
Intermediate English — written and spoken — a must;
You have exceptional presentation skills;
You are strongly customer service oriented;
You are able to bring up your ideas and thoughts clearly;
You know how to prioritize, multitask and manage your time effectively;
You are extremely organized and detail-oriented;
You succeed in exceptional customer service skills with the ability to negotiate rates, sell services and build professional relationships via telephone and email;
You possess superior communication (both verbal and written), problem solving, and decision making skills.
Work conditions
Official employment;
Training;
Mon-Fri, from 2:00 p.m.;
Mentor 24/7;
In-house English Classes.
We need team players, not just employees. Here everyone matters and influences the result. Career growth of every employee is in the company’s interests.Forward your CV to Logity with the button below.Road to success starts with Logity!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
IT Sales Manager
Engineering Idea. Харків.
Специалист по продажам импорт. вина (HoReCa), 15 000 – 25 000 грн
Вайн Дистрибюшен. Харків.
Менеджер з продажу нерухомості, 30 000 грн
Харьков-Риэлтер. Харків.
Менеджер прямых продаж, 10 000 – 20 000 грн
Альфафильтр. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з продажу у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3845245
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам онлайн (горячие заявки).
12 000 грн.*
JustKids. Харків.
Менеджер по продажам (IT-оборудование).
15 000 – 45 000 грн.*
Indistry. Харків.
Менеджер по телефонным продажам.
Новый Стиль, АО. Харків.
Региональный менеджер по продаже сельскохозяйственной техники.
30 000 грн.*
Интертехинвест, ООО. Харків.
Менеджер по продажам.
14 000 грн.*
NZ Маркет. Харків.
Тренінги по темі «Sales manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor