Вакансія: IT Sales manager, компанія Swipex, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Менеджер з продажу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 16 березня 2020
IT Sales manager
Swipex
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Львів
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
We are Swipex — Ukrainian software development company. We are specializing in development projects of medium-to-high complexity level, ranging from online stores to various types of CRM, SPA, freelance platforms, online auctions and tools for crypto traders.We are looking for a highly-motivated IT Sales Manager, who will develop leads, build customer relationships and promote the image of our company.Requirements:
Intermediate/Upper intermediate level of English both, spoken and written;
Experience in IT Sales for at least 0,5 year (UpWork, LinkedIn etc.);
Understanding of web development technologies and client needs;
Good communication skills;
High level of self-organization and stress-resistance.
Would be a plus:
Working with cold emails automation tools;
Knowledge of sales and marketing principles and strategies;
Ability to learn fast.
Responsibilities:
Day to day monitoring of interesting projects via UpWork/LinkedIn etc.;
Writing proper and catchy proposals (bids);
Researching and analyzing upcoming leads and opportunities;
Participation in attracting new clients and communication with them by email,Skype and other professional networks;
Gathering the initial project requirements from the customers;
Management of company and sale profiles in marketing goals.
We offer:
Competitive salary (fixed-base salary + % from the total turnover of all sales deals of the manager);
The ability to independently plan their time (partly flexible schedule);
Friendly team of professionals;
Comfortable working environment;
Opportunity for career growth (Lead Sales Department);
14 paid of vacation;
14 paid of sick-leaves.
We are looking forward to your application with attached CV.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер з продажу зі знанням польської мови (IT), 7 000 – 12 000 грн
OtelMS. Львів.
Sales-менеджер (IT-продукт), 4 000 – 15 000 грн
Tecwi Engineering. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з продажу у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3416845
Гарячі вакансії
Оператор з телефонних продажів.
9 000 – 11 000 грн.
Vodafone Україна. Львів.
Менеджер по продажам (телефонные переговоры).
30 000 грн.*
YourQuery S.R.O.. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Sales manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor