Вакансія: Sales manager, компанія Boosta ltd., робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Менеджер з продажу
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Sales manager
Boosta ltd.
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Львів
Повна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
Hello there! We are «Boosta» — a young Ukrainian team currently looking for the Sales Manager to join us in our Lviv Office.It does not matter for us if you are only looking for a first job or you already have some experience — if you are ready to do your best to succeed and explore new, Boosta is ready to support you by providing a flexible schedule, trainings and workshops, professional teammates and the salary, that will allow you to grow and learn without thinking about financial issues.
Fully paid personal training with your future Team Lead
Reimbursement of taxi costs
Only your desire and skills determine your position in the company and our team will be guiding, mentoring and covering your back.Seems like a great company to start your career and develop as a professional, isn’t it? Wait till we describe your work-flow — this will wipe out all the doubts about applying.On the position of Sales Manager, you will need to communicate with clients from the US and European countries via chat and phone in order to assist in buying the best suitable product package for each particular customer.But at Boosta, the sales process is much more than scripted cold calling and email campaigns.Other tasks include:
building new and upgrade established channels, means and processes to improve the customer journey
digging in every customer needs and motivation to establish a personal approach with each one
following-up the orders to ensure customer satisfaction and retention
being an HR for our contractor’s team — motivate, encourage and take care of our freelance partners
Moreover, there is no cold calling at all since we work with hot leads only and our visitors are already interested in cooperation with our company.What will your day look like?This depends on the shift you would like to take.We offer morning shift (7:00 — 15:00) that starts with double espresso and ends with americano, day shift (15:00 — 22:00) that starts with latte and ends with a big cup of herbal tea and night shift (22:00 — 07:00) that starts with espresso and ends up 2 or 3 more of those.In between, there is a busy shift full of communication — hundreds of customers are visiting our website each day, so you will definitely have some fun time chatting with them as well as few challenging (but instructive) cases, that would involve all your skills of a good listener and decision maker. Each successful resolution may be rewarded with a snack, but will definitely be rewarded with your supervisor attention and your team respect.What are we looking for?
An engaging personality with excellent communications skills
Refined written&spoken communication skills in English.
An enthusiastic, inquisitive and enterprising attitude
A fast learner who is flexible and copes well under pressure
Experience in B2C Sales is an advantage
Participation in Work & Travel programs, internships, conference appearances and abroad studies will be considered a major asset.
How do we interact with suitable candidates:Stage 1: A phone call from a recruiter (up to 15 minutes)Stage 2: The interview with TL and HRBP (30 min)Stage 3: Written test-task, in the office immediately after the interview (30 min)Stage 4: Offer!In return we offer:
Flexible working hours because we believe in a good work-life balance;
Fully paid personal training with your future TeamLead
Reimbursement for taxi expenses
Tasks and responsibilities aimed at making a difference
A challenging, dynamic job — no two days are ever the same!
No limits on your earnings
Full support of your desire to grow and develop professionally (including free mentoring, English classes, lectures and workshops)
A fast, young, ambitious team spending time in the informal atmosphere
Outstanding corporate parties, regular team buildings, sports events, and much more (see our Instagram @boosta.co for evidence)
What makes us special:By joining us, you’ll learn a new and marketable profession. In the shortest time frame, you’ll be able to earn a salary way above the industry standard on the Ukrainian IT sector.Our goal is to build a radically new format of collaboration between specialists and the company. It is based on common values, fueled by the desire to develop professionally and earn more as a result. We are committed to building a team that has no match in our country, and we believe that you can help us with that.Start your journey with Boosta Family!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Менеджер по продажам
Koderline. Львів.
Менеджер по корпоративным продажам (B2B)
Koderline. Львів.
Территориальный менеджер по продажам, 25 000 грн
Петрус, группа компаний. Львів.
Менеджер по продажам, 15 000 грн
Гермес. Львів.
B2B Sales Manager, 24 000 – 36 000 грн
Luxury Brand Consulting LLC. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Менеджер з продажу
Онлайн-консультант
Менеджер інтернет-магазину
Sales manager
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами
Менеджер роботи з клієнтами
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Продаж, закупівля
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата менеджера з продажу у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3737122
Гарячі вакансії
Менеджер по роботі з клієнтами зі знанням німецької мови.
14 000 – 18 000 грн.
MSV Multicall. Львів.
Оператор з телефонних продажів.
9 000 – 11 000 грн.
Vodafone Україна. Львів.
Клієнт-менеджер, кредитний консультант, касир.
8 000 грн.
ШвидкоГрошi. Львів.
Менеджер по продажам (телефонные переговоры).
30 000 грн.*
YourQuery S.R.O.. Львів.
Тренінги по темі «Sales manager»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor