Вакансія: Senior Communication Analyst-GX (Glover expirience), компанія Glovo, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 12 березня 2020
Senior Communication Analyst-GX (Glover expirience)
Glovo · VIP
Транспорт, логістика;
250–1000 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
About Glovo:We’re a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Hispanic America and Africa. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day. We currently deliver over +40M annual orders and operate in 22 countries, and in 200+ cities.Our vision and ambition are not only to make everything immediately available in your city but it is also to offer our employees the job of their lives. A job where you’ll be challenged and have the most fun working in through tech-enabled experiences.Your work-life opportunity:As an Senior Communication Analyst — GX, you will be responsible for building a supply structure, framing your city and engaging with and retaining couriers (glovers, as we like to call them). The Glovers, are a key player in Glovo’s marketplace and you will need to ensure the long-term sustainability of the fleet, as well as its daily performance.Be a part of a team where you will:
Own the communication strategy of your country (content, channels, targets, and material) for the riders/glovers
Be the owner of the Glover Experience in Ukraine (Courier's keeper)
Give life to your craziest ideas to generate community management and activities (events) for the riders
Negotiate local benefits and perks for the riders
Customize the global Brand Book to the local culture
Generate market insights from focus groups, surveys, interviews, and others to understand the riders
You will work in sync with the Regional and Global team to increase ROI for the company
Follow up courier app- caring about the aspect of the app
You have:
Degree in Business, Marketing, Advertising, Communications, economist
3−5-year experience in communications or public relations is a plus
Excellent local verbal and written communication skills in Ukranian/Russian
Stakeholder and accountability skills
Proactive, analytic and objective focus oriented
A person who knows the local culture in-depth and is capable of identifying interesting insights to improve glover’s experience with Glovo.
Team-player and problem-solving skills, a positive person
Ability to execute fast and well-done activities and events.
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:
Enticing Phantom Shares plan
Attractive Relocation package (if applicable)
Cool perks such as free coffee every day, Culture Days every 2 months!
Flexible working environment
What you’ll find when working at Glovo:
Gas: We work hard with energy and passion for what we do.
Care: We act in the best interest of a sustainable future
Good vibes: We always see the positive side in every situation and act with fairness and honesty with everyone.
Stay Humble: We embrace mistakes and feedback to learn from them.
Glownership: We roll up our sleeves and get work done no matter our position and level.
If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Business Intelligence Analyst
Київстар. Київ.
Бизнес-аналитик (маркетинг), 38 000 грн
Стар Вей Медиа. Київ.
Дослідник-аналітик на телеканал "Україна"
Украина, телеканал. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик
Національна суспільна телерадіокомпанія України. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Тестувальник
Бізнес-аналітик
QA engineer
Business analyst
QA-інженер
Tester
Analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата аналітика у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3835107
Гарячі вакансії
Market Research Analyst.
Київстар. Київ.
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor