Вакансія: Operations, Research Analyst, 11 000 грн, компанія MGNY Консалтинг, робота у Дніпрі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Дніпрі
Аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Operations, Research Analyst
11 000 грн
MGNY Консалтинг
Консалтинг, аудит, бухгалтерія;
10–50 співробітників
Дніпро
Андрей Редченков ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Незакінчена вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
PLEASE READ THE ENTIRE POST BEFORE RESPONDING! A rapidly growing consulting firm headquartered in New York City, USA is seeking talented professionals for its new office in Dnipro! A successful candidate will be offered a permanent position based on performance during a one month trial period.Specific responsibilities for each function are listed below. Research • Researching prospects' real estate portfolios and contact information • Updating and maintaining lists and databases containing property information • Compiling and analyzing data for social media campaigns • Document review and verification Operations • Data verification/validation • Completing applications and forms on behalf of the US clients • Drafting requests based on templates • Processing specific requests from supervisors • Performing due diligence and case management for administrative hearingsGeneral Requirements: • Ability to maintain high level of energy and performance throughout the workday• Excellent written and oral communication skills in Russian and English languages• Superb knowledge of Microsoft Office• Experience working in a fast-paced office environment• Two verifiable referencesEducation Level: • Bachelor’s degree or higherImportant considerations:• Our company’s values include transparency, innovation, dedication, continuous learning and fun. You must share these values to feel comfortable joining our team • Must be willing to work on the adjusted schedule — from 11 in the morning until 8 in the afternoon In order to be considered for an interview, please follow these directions precisely: — Email your resume as a PDF attachment. (If you are unable to send it in PDF, provide an explanation in the email) — Write your full name and the phrase «Operations/Research Analyst» in the subject line of your email — In the body of your email, write a paragraph (at least three sentences long) describing your prior experience, your unique qualifications for the job as well as expressing your interest to work in our office. Thanks for reading the entire post!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Аналитик со знанием английского, 11 000 грн
MGNY Консалтинг. Дніпро.
Product Analyst
Web-Source Technology Ltd.. Дніпро.
Маркетинг-аналитик, 10 000 – 16 000 грн
Ландманн, ТОВ. Дніпро.
Аналитик-мерчендайзер
Prostor. Дніпро.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Дніпрі
Тестувальник
Бізнес-аналітик
QA engineer
Business analyst
QA-інженер
Tester
Analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
Освіта, наука
Фінанси, банк
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Дніпрі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата аналітика у Дніпрі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/2623416
Тренінги по темі «Analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor