Вакансія: Data Analyst, 22 000 грн, компанія Data Engineering Systems, FE, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Data analyst
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 18 березня 2020
Data Analyst
22 000 грн · Salary level from 22 000,00 UAH
Data Engineering Systems, FE
Будівництво;
10–50 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість.
Опис вакансії
Foreign Company is currently looking for a Data Analyst to join our Evaluation team. The Data Analyst receives pipeline in-line inspection data, checks for quality and quantity using proprietary software in accordance with company procedure, with emphasis on optimizing parameters for accuracy and efficiency. Responsibilities:
In line inspection data assessment;
Integration and confirmation of supplementary data;
Data Preparation and processing;
Data Analysis;
Feature categorization and evaluation;
Feature sizing;
Application of anomaly interaction rules;
Standard & non-standard analysis;
Organize and report ILI tool results as per client requirements;
Maintain personal skills/certifications, and complete additional training as required;
Additional related duties as assigned.
REQUIREMENTSQualifications and Skills Required:
Previous Inspection Data Analysis experience is an asset;
Previous related Data Analysis experience is required;
High school education or technical certification is an asset;
Advanced English communication skills (written and verbal) are required — ability to receive and communicate technical information accurately and timely;
Strong computer and software skills;
Strong attention to detail, ability to work on a computer for extended periods of time;
Ability to pass a color blindness test;
Hold a clean drivers abstract and valid passport, with the ability and flexibility to travel on an infrequent basis for work and/or training;
Highly motivated to contribute to the evaluation department team goals and able to work independently;
Ability to work flexible hours with the potential of overtime (evening/weekend) based on business needs.
Our Offer Foreign Company offers full time office job, office location — Kyiv, a great learning environment, interesting & challenging work and the opportunity for career advancement. Trial period Salary level from 22 000,00 UAH Only those candidates selected for interview will be contacted — no phone calls please.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Data Scientist
Autodoc. Київ.
Адміністратор БД (МS SQL Server)
ПЗУ Україна, страхова компанія. Київ.
Data analyst
Ozone Technologies. Київ.
Администратор баз данных, DBA
Авто Интернешнл. Київ.
Аналітик даних (data science)
Креди Агриколь, банк. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Адміністратор баз даних
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Системний аналітик
Data analyst
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата data analyst у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3678746
Гарячі вакансії
Customer support specialist.
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Системный администратор облачных сервисов.
28 000 – 32 000 грн.
De Novo. Київ.
Системный администратор.
Мир Инструмента Украина. Київ.
Менеджер по интеграции баз данных.
18 000 – 20 000 грн.*
Proxima Research International. Київ.
Business process development manager.
Vega, телекоммуникационная группа. Київ.
Програміст 1С.
Перший, ломбард, ПТ. Київ.
Senior Front-End Web Developer (React.JS).
90 000 – 117 000 грн.*
Headway. Київ.
Тестировщик 1С.
ВиЯр. Київ.
Software Engineer (Networking).
Codeminders. Київ.
2D Character Artist.
Voki Games. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Data analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor