Вакансія: Business Analyst, Product Owner, компанія GBKSoft, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Product owner
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 19 березня 2020
Business Analyst, Product Owner
GBKSoft
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Нововокзальна, 3.
2,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
GBKSOFT team is looking for a Business Analyst/Product Owner to work on ongoing and new WEB and Mobile (iOS, Android) projects in such industries as Trading, Finance, Social Networking, Sports and Fitness, Business Management Platforms, Job Boards and Education, IoT, Booking and Travel Platforms.Requirements
Experience in working as a Business Analyst (1+) for the tech company.
Advanced level of written and spoken English.
Knowledge of Business Analysis Theory.
Knowledge of Scrum methodology.
Strong client management skills.
Basic technical and engineering knowledge.
Strong soft skills: communication, problem-solving, analytical, systems thinking and functional decomposition skills, self-organization and attention to detail, time-management skills.
Ability to speak «the same language» with developers and designers.
Experience in gathering requirements (personal sessions, scoping calls, analyzing documentation from the customer, etc.).
Understanding of the software development lifecycle.
Understanding of Waterfall methodology.
Will be an advantage
Writing of software requirement specification in the form of User stories, Use cases.
Experience in using Jira & Confluence.
Experience in drawing UML, Flow diagrams.
Reading API documentation (swagger).
Client communication (USA/Europe).
Responsibilities
Business and Competitors Analysis with the aim to find the best tech solution for a client’s needs.
Stakeholders management to gather requirements, limitations, priorities, etc.
Writing of user stories and acceptance criteria and its improvement based on close cooperation with development and design teams.
Defining the detailed customer requirements and their translation into software requirements.
Product backlog management and other Agile (scrum) activities in the role of a PO.
Priorities management for the project based on communication with all involved Stakeholders.
We offer
Exciting and challenging projects.
Work with English-speaking countries.
Training, assistance, mentoring, coaching and reviews to support your development as a BA and a PO.
Fully-equipped comfortable office space located in the city center («Olimpiiska» metro station).
Competitive salary.
Flexible working hours: starts 8−10, ends 17−19.
Friendly atmosphere and corporate events.
Tasty fruits.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Product Manager, 37 500 – 50 000 грн
Фортуна, рекрутинговое агентство. Київ.
Business analyst
Coreteka. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик
Fozzy group. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик в IT, 20 000 – 40 000 грн
Бюро інноваційних технологій, ТОВ. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Продакт-менеджер
Data analyst
Продукт-менеджер
Product manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата product owner у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3776351
Тренінги по темі «Business analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor