Вакансія: Digital Transformation Accounting Analyst, компанія Deep Consulting Solutions, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 11 березня 2020
Digital Transformation Accounting Analyst
Competitive Base + Bonus
Deep Consulting Solutions
Консалтинг, аудит, бухгалтерія;
10–50 співробітників
Київ
Повна зайнятість, дистанційна робота.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
(Remote, Full Time, Anywhere in the World)We are looking for self-motivated and results-driven professionals to join our Global Consulting Team and help us leverage business re-structuring, automation, and technology to transform remarkable companies, automate accounting, and free people from unnecessary work.Please use this link to apply: https://zfrmz.com/8QNPbMwnQZ7xVR0qxyJy?src=workuaApplications received through Work.ua will not be consideredOur ApproachMany IT implementations done by companies around the world fail to produce results because people doing these implementations often look at software and software features in isolation to the actual business and the results that the business needs. While many IT companies build pretty software interfaces, many of them fail to improve at the business model and the processes that go into making that model work — and as the result, many businesses end up buying software tools like CRMs, ERPs, websites, apps, etc. that produce less results than they actually can — and at times are next to useless for the business.We believe that in 2020's technology reached the level where it can do more than just create websites and apps that look good and function in some way — rather, the automation now has the power to run businesses and eliminate or minimize the risk of relying on humans in running any operation.That requires more than technology though. The business, its circumstances and all of its processes must be analyzed in their entirety and restructured to make them work most effectively in order for the business as the whole to produce the right results and at the most optimal cost.That is exactly what we do here. We find niche and successful small companies in the US, Canada, and the UK, study them in detail, restructure their business processes, and then build automation solutions to run these businesses using our robust IT stack.A vital part of such automation is the automation of accounting. In any business there is money coming and and money coming out — and proper understanding of these flows can allow our clients make proper decisions about their business. With this job posting we are looking to find ambitious professionals with an accounting background to help us create automated accounting for our clients based on our technology solutions.What We Offer
Results Focused Approach to Work.
We do not look at people’s activities, the amount of text written, meetings held, etc. as the measure of success. We look strictly at the results — which we measure by successful projects done and results delivered to our clients. This also serves as the basis for financial bonuses and compensation plans.
Freely Arranged Schedule.
You decide when you want to work. What we expect from you are results. There is a daily stand-up call — but outside of it, you can manage your schedule as you prefer.
Seeing results from your work.
You will be working closely with the rest of our consulting team and the client and will see your accounting models implemented in a real business operation and produce real improvements.
Endless opportunities to learn.
There is no day when you are doing something that’s the same. Every day you’re learning new businesses and new industries and broadening the scope of your professional expertise.
Work as an Expert, not just a regular accountant.
You will develop repeatable accounting models that will be used by many businesses for many years and run on our automation — instead of doing boring number crunching or plain transactional work.
Opportunities to grow within our organization.
We are a dynamic and growing organization with a team spread around multiple continents. If you prove yourself as a responsible, driven and motivated individual, there will be opportunities for you to take more responsibilities — such as managing teams of people, developing and implementing new methodologies in the organization, working on larger and more complex projects.
Merit Based Candidate Selection Process.
1 — Job Application Form.
2 — Online Skill Assessment.
3 — Interview.
4 — Paid Practical Assignment.
5 — Evaluation and Offer.
Role and ResponsibilitiesAs the Accounting Analyst, you will be responsible for structuring and developing accounting systems for our client companies that will allow for all their financial activity to be clearly tracked and monitored, insights into their revenue and cost streams to be derived and tied to the operational process, and that can be implemented in our automation solution. You will work together with our Business Analysts and our Tech Team to make this happen.In doing so you will:
Deeply study and investigate the client’s business — based on the studies produced by our Business Analysts and your own research.
Develop an Accounting model for the business based on its operational model.
Design an accounting automation system for your model.
Work with our tech team to enable the creation of such automation in online accounting software, such as Zoho Books.
Direct an effective implementation of your model into the clients business.
Monitor the model in performance, tweak the model, and make suggestions on business operations improvements based on your accounting data.
Do anything else you deem necessary to accomplish your result.
RequirementsYou must be:
A mature and responsible individual driven by results and not activities.
Willing to learn, grow, and admit mistakes.
Able to communicate with other people effectively.
Paying attention to details.
You must have the following skills/experience:
Extensive Accounting Background.
Experience in Western Accounting Models and Principles.
Well Developed Numerical Reasoning and Math.
Ability to discern and organize information.
Good Verbal and Written English.
The following will be a good plus:
Experience with Cloud Accounting Software (e.g. Zoho Books, QuickBooks, etc.).
Experience with Automating Accounting and Other Business Processes.
Experience with Western (e.g. US, UK, etc.) Accounting and Tax systems.
General Business Experience in other roles.
Please use this link to apply: https://zfrmz.com/8QNPbMwnQZ7xVR0qxyJy?src=workuaApplications received through Work.ua will not be considered
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Аналітик підтримки процесів Digital
Альфа-Банк. Київ.
Тестировщик-аналитик со знаниями управленческого учета
Венбест, ООО. Київ.
Консультант-аналитик 1С, 30 000 грн
Камала Софт. Київ.
Консультант-аналитик 1С
Fozzy group. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Тестувальник
Бізнес-аналітик
QA engineer
Business analyst
QA-інженер
Tester
Analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Бухгалтерія, аудит
Логістика, склад, ЗЕД
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата аналітика у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3844802
Тренінги по темі «Analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor