Вакансія: Post Launch Business Analyst (SQL), компанія Київстар, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 5 березня 2020
Post Launch Business Analyst (SQL)
Київстар
· VIP
Телекомунікації, зв'язок;
більше 1000 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Дегтярівська, 53.
6,9 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
This position is in charge of conducting a comprehensive analysis of Company’s commercial activities.Responsibilities
Conduct comprehensive analysis of Company’s commercial activities (products, pricing) on regular and ad-hoc basis
Ongoing performance tracking of launched initiatives
Provide statistics for business case calculation and ad-hoc for deep-dive analysis from DWH
Work within commercial analytics team on strategic projects
Provide valuable analytical insights on regular analytical workshops
Proactive seeking opportunities the Company can use to enhance its competitive positions, delivering insights on products and projects for decision making
Building an effective dialogue and cross-functional cooperation (within Commercial team and with Technical & Financial departments) in business decisions making processes
Desired skills and experience
Degree in Finance, Economics, Marketing or Management received from a reputable university
At least 2−3 years of relevant experience, preferably, in an international strategy consulting, financial advisory firm, telecom
Excellence in MS Office (advanced user of Excel & PowerPoint is a must), knowledge of business intelligence tools
Experience with Oracle SQL
Strong analytical and data visualization skills
Ability to structure and solve complex, ambiguous problems.
Strong project management, interpersonal, and organizational skills
Fluency in English, Ukrainian
A bit about you:We are looking for someone who is already experienced in SQL data-mining, analytics and creating insights. We are looking for someone who has excellent communication skills to be able to advocate/defend the commercial team’s views of what is right—even if it comes to disagreement with project holders—with professionalism, maturity, and a balanced, holistic view of any competing viewpoints, had analytical or marketing background, excellent English (oral and written).Working at VEON demands a high standard of business ethics and adherence to our legal obligations, our values and our Code of Conduct and supporting compliance policies and procedures. Our pioneering spirit is embodied in our values to be customer obsessed, entrepreneurial, innovative, collaborative, and truthful. Being truthful requires us to act ethically, honestly, and with integrity.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Бизнес-аналитик (SQL)
Сбербанк, АО. Київ.
Business Analyst CVM (SQL)
Київстар. Київ.
Бизнес-аналитик, руководитель проекта 1С
Everad. Київ.
Бизнес-аналитик
Фоззи, гипермаркет. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Продакт-менеджер
Data analyst
Продукт-менеджер
Product manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Фінанси, банк
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата бізнес-аналітика у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3839463
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor