Вакансія: Game (product) Analyst, компанія Gameloft, робота у Харкові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Харкові
Аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Game (product) Analyst
Gameloft
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Харків, проспект Незалежності, 10.
1,4 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Gameloft is looking for a talented and driven Game (product) Analyst. The successful applicant will be responsible for monitoring, analyzing and optimizing key performance indicators across our products to help to maximize long term revenues and analyze and improve the effectiveness of the player life cycle.Responsibilities:
Monitoring and providing insights on player activity and behavior
Applying statistical techniques to model and predict customer behaviors
Work in teams and solo to accurately aggregate and analyze petabytes of game data in preparation for deeper analysis and/or reporting
Organize the data you’ve collected into reliable report that informs colleagues about areas where we can improve the player experience
Reporting on projects' key indicators and any major issues
Working with Game Economy Design team in order to expand and support the economy model and simulator in Excel that represents the core game mechanics and progression of the title including all currencies, resources, and leveling mechanics
Propose and design game features that positively impact monetization metrics specifically around game economy and progression
Requirements:
Graduate degree in Economics or BA, preferably specialized in Marketing or Strategic direction.
Upper-intermediate written and spoken English, concise writing skills.
Mastery of Excel.
Advanced understanding of SQL.
Deep, up-to-date knowledge of the free-to-play market, both web-based and on smartphones.
Passion for games on all existing formats.
Desired Skills:
An understanding of online gaming products would be an advantage
Creative problem solving skills
Ability to work on your own initiative
High level of independence and proactivity
Experience in gaming industry
Understanding of game monetization tools
Experience with economic simulation and prediction
Why work for Gameloft?
Comprehensive benefits package.
Career-development opportunities.
An exceptional, dynamic, demanding and motivating working environment within a fast growing company.
Challenging and rewarding work on the next great frontiers in games
An international environment which offers daily contact with other countries & cultures.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Junior Business Analyst, Product Owner
NIX Solutions. Харків.
Business Analyst, 30 000 – 100 000 грн
API Nation. Харків.
QA Analyst (eCommerce Dept)
Gameloft. Харків.
Business Analyst, 12 000 – 19 000 грн
Web Design Sun. Харків.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Харкові
Тестувальник
Бізнес-аналітик
QA engineer
Business analyst
QA-інженер
Tester
Analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Харкові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата аналітика у Харкові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3557370
Тренінги по темі «Analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor