Вакансія: Junior Finance Analyst, компанія PwC Service Delivery Center, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Finance analyst
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Junior Finance Analyst
PwC Service Delivery Center
Консалтинг, аудит, бухгалтерія;
250–1000 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Шевченка, 111a.
3,2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
PwC is a network of over 180,000 employees in 158 countries focused on providing the highest quality services in the areas of audit, tax advisory, consulting and technology development.What we offer:
Official employment
Annual performance appraisal and grade review
Comfortable office with rest zones
Monthly corporate party with food and board games
Language courses (English Polish languages)
Soft skills development
Personal development plan and career coach
Corporate events and team buildings
Role description:The person employed on this position will become a member of PwC’s Valuation team who provide valuation services to a wide range of international clients. The person will be responsible for preparing of valuation analysis of the fix assets and business based on the data received from clients.Responsibilities:
data collection from clients
analysis of documentation provided by clients
preparation of preliminary valuation analysis
supporting the team in connection with valuation requests from clients
working in subscription databases
Your profile should be:
relevant university degree, preferably in any field of Finance or Accounting
analytical skills and attention to details
good MS Office skills, especially Excel
fluent written and spoken English
We are ready to teach you on «what» and «how» to do on the Junior Finance Analyst position.Our employees say they are happy to work here — come and check:)
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Фінансовий аналітик відділу продаж
Оболонь, ПрАТ. Львів.
Фінансовий аналітик
OKKO Group. Львів.
Фінансовий аналітик (стажер)
Meest. Львів.
Фінансист (робота з банками)
STV group. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Фінансовий аналітик
Маркетолог
Економіст
Бренд-менеджер
Marketing manager
Finance analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
Фінанси, банк
Бухгалтерія, аудит
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата finance analyst у Львові
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3427462
Тренінги по темі «Finance analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor