Вакансія: Business Data Analyst, 20 000 – 80 000 грн, компанія Awery Aviation Software, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 20 березня 2020
Business Data Analyst
20 000 – 80 000 грн · По договорённости
Awery Aviation Software
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Євгена Коновальця.
2,7 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Business Data Analyst
Seniority Level: Senior Industry: Aviation industry / Logistics / Supply chain / E-commerce Employment Type: Full-time Location: Ukraine Job Functions: Business Data Analyst / Supply Chain Analyst / Database controller / Data development manager Job description Through a series of on-the-job training, working in the dynamic environment by managing & analyzing complex data flows to assist the management team with strategic and tactical direction of our global company. Supporting the Business Development, Financial and Operational regional team by building structure, data analyzing, and developing new techniques to combine several data sources to create value insights for the company and realize efficiencies. Responsible for visualizing data, preparation of presentations and weekly management reports. This position ensures the accuracy, distribution, and integrity of the data using a diverse set of business intelligence tools. Key Responsibilities:
Combining relevant data to predict market trends to give valuable insights for management and airline customers.
Develop algorithms and new analytical models to transform our data bricks into dynamic user data.
In time the candidate will be responsible for data management in the region.
New tools are made available for development of the organization to generate life reporting by automating the data process in the region used for data analytics regarding, market research, finance and business development.
Design and run reports to generate improved visibility, data compliance and identification of the right combination of data and new business opportunities.
Proactively identify and stimulate process improvements.
Assist by setting up and deployment of Key Performance Indicators (KPI's)
Handle multiple projects, work under tight schedule and meet deadlines
Provide training on the tools/applications the candidate has developed to the regional users to stimulate the active usage.
Responsible to perform airline capacity and air cargo data analysis, this by combining data from different sources and create Daily, weekly, monthly management reports, while reporting your findings/recommendations to management.
Assist management team in preparing PowerPoint presentations.
Required Experience/Education:
Bachelor’s Degree in Analytics, Science, MIS, Information Technology, Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, Logistics, Supply Chain or another analytical discipline from an accredited college or university or equivalent experience
4+ years of Data Analysis experience and aptitude
Required personality skills: Flexible approach, pro-active attitude, self-motivated, willing to work in an international multicultural environment and self-learning.
Preferred Experience/Education:
Knowledge of Office 365 Business applications, Power BI, Microsoft Azure, SQL database
Prior experience in a logistics, supply chain, e-commerce or financial environment will be beneficial.
Good understanding how to visualize data.
Analytical & project management courses or knowledge e.g. Six Sigma / Prince will be beneficial.
Experience using business intelligence tools e.g. Block Chain, machine learning, algorithms and Artificial Intelligence will be a pro.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Business analyst
Coreteka. Київ.
Data Scientist
Autodoc. Київ.
Адміністратор БД (МS SQL Server)
ПЗУ Україна, страхова компанія. Київ.
Бізнес-аналітик
Fozzy group. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Продакт-менеджер
Data analyst
Продукт-менеджер
Product manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата бізнес-аналітика у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3840720
Тренінги по темі «Business analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor