Вакансія: Business analyst, компанія Viseven, робота у Житомирі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Житомирі
Бізнес-аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Business analyst
Viseven
IT;
250–1000 співробітників
Житомир, вулиця Перемоги, 99.
2 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
About us: Viseven Group is an international IT company specializing in interactive content and cloud-based solutions for global pharmaceutical companies since 2009; constant growth and self-development is in our corporate DNA. Our unique developments and approaches are actively used in more than 30 countries all over the world. Viseven’s solutions are represented at major industry events in Barcelona, Philadelphia, London, etc. The rapidly expanding team includes more than 400 highly-skilled tech- and non-technical experts: front- and back-end developers, BA specialists and managers who create, localize and customize applications at 8 offices: in Kyiv, Zhytomyr and Vynnytsia (Ukraine), Tallinn (Estonia), Saint John (Canada), and Bridgewater, NJ (USA).Role description: You will have a great opportunity to work with a unique platform, which an actively used in more than 30 countries all over the world. It is available on market for 6 years and Viseven Group is proud of that we were the first, who established such platform. All our technical experts work on its development and perfection, to make it more and more comfortable and available for users. You will be responsible for:
Analysis and elicitation of requirements with key stakeholders (internal & external), documentation and support of those requirements during software development lifecycle;
Participation in User Acceptance Testing;
Close cooperation with UX\UI Specialists, Product Owner, Project Managers and Technical Writers for product scoping, planning, development, delivery & support;
Creation & management of technical requirements during Software Development Lifecycle;
Cooperation with multiple development teams;
Presentation of suggested solutions to key stakeholders (internal & external);
Required Skills & Knowledge:
English from Upper-Intermediate (comprehensive written and verbal communication);
Knowledge of software development lifecycle and software development methodologies basics;
JIRA, Confluence;
Office 365;
Prototyping tools (Balsamiq Mockups, InVision\Figma\Adobe XD, Axure RP).
Competitive Advantage:
Previous BA experience or relevant IT experience (PM, Account);
Use of business analytics;
Knowledge of Graphical Editors (Adobe Photoshop or other);
Knowledge of programming languages and databases.
What we provide:We understand that our employees are essential to making our goals a reality, so we empower them to share their vision. We reward this kind of passion with a highly competitive salary and exceptional benefits:
Passionate experienced team and enjoyable working environment;
Professional and career growth;
Paid time off 18 business days per year;
Compensated lunch and free tea/coffee, fruits and snacks;
Healthcare Insurance — including dentist and gym;
Accounting assistance;
Regular corporate events and team-buildings;
English learning courses;
Opportunities to participate in professional forums and conferences;
Paid time off 3 business days in case of marriage or child birth;
Comfy office space.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі посади у Житомирі
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Житомирі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата бізнес-аналітика в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3842249
Тренінги по темі «Business analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor