Вакансія: Manual QA Analyst, компанія Impressit, робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
QA analyst
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 12 березня 2020
Manual QA Analyst
Impressit
IT;
менше 10 співробітників
Львів, площа Ринок, 17.
0,1 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Досвід роботи від 2 років.
Опис вакансії
Project descriptionImpressit is a digital solution provider for mobility and proptech.We are helping a London-based networking company to build its proprietary software to manage all aspects of the business.
Project phase: early stage
Team size: 8 developers, 2 QAs and 1 DevOps in Lviv + leadership in London
Tech stack: Node.js, Serverless, AWS
Required skills
2+ years of QA experience
Good understanding of development life cycle
Deep understanding of core testing processes and managing QA documentation
Understanding of the Agile principles
Intermediate English or better
As a plus
Experience in API testing
Desire to develop in QA Automation
Responsibilities
Design test plans, documents and test cases
Test different elements of the back-end and front-end
Review functional requirements
Implement and execute manual tests for new features as well as regression
Work closely with the development team to isolate, record, and track issues
Communicate project and testing status to internal and external teams
Support production rollout and any post-release/maintenance issues
Be proactive
We offer
Exciting projects built mostly from scratch using modern technologies
Ambitious, friendly and creative work environment
NO time tracking (just time logging in Jira or similar tool)
24 workdays of annual vacation
5 paid sick days per year
Consistent performance reviews every 12 months
Professional education costs reimbursement
English classes with a native speaker
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Manual QA Engineer
Lemberg Solutions Ltd.. Львів.
Junior Manual QA Engineer
Upqode. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Тестувальник
QA engineer
QA-інженер
Tester
Програміст Java
Java developer
QA analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата QA analyst в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3853586
Тренінги по темі «QA analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor