Вакансія: Junior Product Owner, Business Analyst, компанія LoopMe, робота у Дніпрі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Дніпрі
Product owner
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Junior Product Owner, Business Analyst
LoopMe
IT;
50–250 співробітників
Дніпро, вулиця Старокозацька, 37.
0,5 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
The Role:LoopMe is looking for a talented Junior Product Owner/ Business Analyst to join our growing team.This is a great opportunity to build on any existing Product Ownership or Product Management skills with an industry-leading company, and have an input into the deployment of some incredibly exciting products.Key Skills & Experience:• Experience as a Product Owner or Business Analyst working in SaaS software development.• Outstanding and professional communication skills• Advanced or fluent English (both written and verbal)• Advanced technical and engineering knowledge (some programming experience or Computer Science degree would be beneficial)• Understanding of the software development lifecycle, SaaS experience is preferableKey Responsibilities:• Collect, analyze and refine product requirements from the Product Management team• Liaise with engineering and UI/UX teams to provide PM team with development estimates and proposed priorities• Follow scrum processes and collaborate with scrum masters• Write detailed descriptions for the top priority tasks and user stories, help PM team to break down large epics and prioritize development stages• Own product backlog of the team in Jira. Keep it transparent for the team as well for the PM team• Report on each sprint’s goals and achievements. Actively participate in scrum ceremonies, leading them when requiredBenefits:• Competitive compensation package• A unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with a client• Possibility to work in a big and successful company• Long-term employment with 20 working days paid vacation and other social benefits• State of the art, cool, centrally located office with a warm atmosphere, which creates really good working conditions• Flexible working schedule and possibility to work remotely• Free fruits, cafeteria & snacksAbout LoopMe:LoopMe was founded with the mission of closing the loop on brand advertising.We are LoopMe:• We do the right thing• We innovate• We love what we do.Our full-stack tech platform harnesses mobile data, using a powerful combination of attribution, Artificial Intelligence and analytics to deliver outstanding campaign performance against brand outcomes — consideration, purchase intent, foot traffic, and offline sales.The company was founded by experienced mobile advertising executives Stephen Upstone (CEO) and Marco Van deBergh (CTO) in 2012. LoopMe has global offices in New York, London, Chicago, LA, Atlanta, Boston, Dallas, Detroit, San Francisco, Dnipro, Singapore, Beijing, Dubai, and Johannesburg.
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Business analyst, 60 000 грн
Дніпро.
Business analyst
HeadWorks. Дніпро.
Бізнес-аналітик
ПриватБанк. Дніпро.
Бизнес-аналитик (IT, E-commerce)
Eva, лінія магазинів. Дніпро.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Дніпрі
Продакт-менеджер
Product manager
Маркетолог
Бренд-менеджер
Менеджер з реклами
Marketing manager
Product owner
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Дніпрі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата product owner в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3842106
Тренінги по темі «Product owner»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor