Вакансія: Business Analyst, 12 000 – 19 000 грн, компанія Web Design Sun, робота у Дніпрі — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Дніпрі
Бізнес-аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 17 березня 2020
Business Analyst
12 000 – 19 000 грн · (Залежить від рівня спеціаліста)
Web Design Sun
IT;
10–50 співробітників
Дніпро
Повна зайнятість, дистанційна робота.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Опис вакансії
Our company is currently looking for a Business Nerd (Business Analyst) forremote position.Requirements:
1 year of overall IT experience.
Understanding software development lifecycle.
Strong written and spoken English (Upper-intermediate/Advanced).
Strong analytical, planning, organizational and communication skills.
Experience in creating well-structured and easy-to-read documents and presentations.
A well-functioning desktop or laptop with high-speed Internet connection.
Will be a plus:
IT business analysis courses.
Hands-on business analysis experience with fields: Ecommerce SaaS, Digital Marketing, Real Estate, Event Management, Memberships, Affiliate Marketing.
Experience with Project documentation: Lean Canvas, Product Vision, Product Roadmap, User Stories, Use Cases, Mind Maps, BPMN diagrams, Sait map.
Experience with foreign customers.
Role description:
Communication with customers to analyze, document and manage their requirements and needs.
Closely working with the sales department, development and project management teams during project realization. Assistance to teams in solving problems and issues associated with the requirements of the project.
Duties:
Assistance for the Sales department during Presale and Pre Contract project phases.
Preparing Project Scope spreadsheets for Bottom-up estimation.
Business needs analysis and assistance with MVP development.
Assisting for the development department for part of the requirements assessment.
We Offer:
Full-time work (not freelance, not working part-time);
A truly flexible schedule (you can easily combine work with a private life);
A well-established online office;
Fair wages and bonuses (at actual exchange rates);
Benefits package (medical insurance, external trainings, seminars and workshops, corporative events etc.);
Excellent opportunities for professional growth and development.
About Us:Web Design Sun®, established in 2012, provides huge range of different web development solutions.We are a friendly, well-knit team of devoted and results-oriented professionals. The founders of the company have changed multiple job places themselves before they established the company. Probably, at the dawn of our work we didn’t know how to do everything right, but we did know what we shouldn’t do. We always work as a single whole and never leave a teammate one on one with a problem. We don’t have a comfortable office with cheap coffee and cookies, but we surely have the final goals, we have numerous achievements that we take pride in. What is the most important, our team is like a real big family where everyone supports and encourages each other!
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Business analyst, 60 000 грн
Дніпро.
Business analyst
HeadWorks. Дніпро.
Бізнес-аналітик
ПриватБанк. Дніпро.
Бизнес-аналитик (IT, E-commerce)
Eva, лінія магазинів. Дніпро.
Junior Product Owner, Business Analyst
LoopMe. Дніпро.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Дніпрі
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Продакт-менеджер
Data analyst
Продукт-менеджер
Product manager
Ще посади
Вакансії в категорії
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Дніпрі
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата бізнес-аналітика у Дніпрі
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3764795
Тренінги по темі «Business analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor