Вакансія: Research specialist, Analyst, 25 000 – 35 000 грн, компанія БДО Центрес, ТОВ, робота у Києві — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Києві
Аналітик
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 25 лютого 2020
Research specialist, Analyst
25 000 – 35 000 грн · Ti be discussed individually
БДО Центрес, ТОВ
Консалтинг, аудит, бухгалтерія;
50–250 співробітників
Київ, вулиця Антоновича, 33.
1,8 км від центру ·
На мапі
Повна зайнятість.
Досвід роботи від 1 року.
Вища освіта.
Опис вакансії
Our company name is BDO Germany and we are part of the BDO Group headquartered in Brussels, Belgium:
80,000 people employed
$9 billion revenue generates
160 countries present
For our new office in Kyiv we are looking for amazing young talents, that want to be part of an internationally well know organization with an excellent reputation and a legacy of 100 years in the business. We like traditions, but we also love our new office in Kyiv City Center named «BDO Centers LLC» which is a business consultancy serving customers around the world. We are already a great team of more than 60 employees in Kyiv, but we want to expand our business operations further. If you have the feeling you are ready for your next career step — and you are not shy to enter the world of Strategy Consulting — then this is your chance.Not we are looking for a prominent Analyst\Rerearch specialist, who will be reponsible for data collection and analysis for our foreign projects, bringing analyticak expertize onboard. The scope of your main duties will include the following functions and tasks: 1) Conducting research and analysis projects in service of clients, 2) Lead the projects targeted for on-demand analyses of:• market shares, • competitive environment, • business strategies, • business trends, • financial analysis, 3) Formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing and communicating findings 4) Developing strategic frameworks, conducting design of business processes in a request of clients 5) Assessing the pros and cons of possible strategies 6) Responsibility for problem-solving in a primarily English-speaking 7) Preparation of Point of Views, Go-to-Market Strategies, Company Profiles, Business Studies 8) Conducting an analysis of the companies via financial modeling, investment analysis, business processes analysis and desk research 9) Help design and implement large-scale organisational change programs 10) Work under processes optimization (generate sample research templates) Our successful candidate has:
Good analytical skills,
Business-oriented,
Basic understanding of business running,
Basic understanding of economy models,
Financial literacy.
Upper intermediate or advanced coloqual and business English.
Quick learner, ability and desire to study,
Autonomy in work,
Work clarity and accuracy,
High level of responsibility,
Ability to multitask,
The comapy offers:— Competitive salary, paid in Euro (to be discussed following your skills level),— Toal transperancy and Labour Law adherence, — English and German classes, — Very friend;ly and positive enviromnet,— Team building events, possibilities to study and grow your professional grade. Once you are young and passionate about the role — don’t hesitate to contact us right now.Learn more about us: www.bdo.dehttps://www.linkedin.com/company/bdo-centers/
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Research specialist, analyst, 24 000 – 37 000 грн
БДО Центрес, ТОВ. Київ.
Marketing analyst
Smart Solutions. Київ.
Аналітик по роботі зі звітністю в корпоративному бізнесі
Райффайзен Банк Аваль. Київ.
Аналитик со знанием английского языка, 13 000 грн
Right&Above, Inc. Київ.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Києві
Тестувальник
Бізнес-аналітик
QA engineer
Business analyst
QA-інженер
Tester
Analyst
Ще посади
Вакансії в категоріях
Фінанси, банк
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Києві
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата аналітика у Києві
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3836210
Гарячі вакансії
Market Research Analyst.
Київстар. Київ.
Тренінги по темі «Analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor