Вакансія: Data Entry Analyst with fluent English and French (or Spanish), компанія BPO Nextdoor, Inc., робота у Львові — Work.uaРоботодавцю
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishWork.uaЗнайти вакансіїВакансіїРозмістити резюмеРезюмеУвійтиУвійти
Вакансії
у Львові
Data analyst
Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні
Відгукнутися
У збереженихЗберегтиЩе
Знайти схожі
Роздрукувати
Поскаржитися на цю вакансію
Щоб зберегти вакансію, треба увійти або зареєструватися.
Вакансія від 23 березня 2020
Data Entry Analyst with fluent English and French (or Spanish)
BPO Nextdoor, Inc.
Група компаній;
50–250 співробітників
Львів, вулиця Володимира Великого, 2.
3,6 км від центру ·
На мапі
Святослав ·
Показати телефон
Повна зайнятість, готові взяти студента.
Опис вакансії
BPO Nextdoor (bponextdoor.com) is a service company from Eastern Europe, which provides mainly data analysis and data entry services for western customers.We are searching for a motivated Data Entry Analyst with both fluent English and French (or Spanish) skills for the work with our British customer in the field of eCommerce.Responsibilities
Read and analyse print and online newspapers and beauty magazines or social media (YouTube, Instagram)
Input all analysis into our customer’s proprietary data platform ensuring accuracy and quality of data
An interest in the beauty industry would be a plus
Read and analyse blogs and social media posts.
Analyse the articles according to our customer’s methodology
Research new products and brands that appear in the press for the first time
Requirements
Fluent (C1) English and French (or Spanish) is a must
A keen eye for detail
Ability to learn
Confident PC user (Word, Excel)
Good interpersonal communication skills
Ability to work in tight deadlines
Working conditions:
Good, competitive salary
Comfortable office in Lviv
Compensation for the costs of sports club subscriptions
Ability to visit cinema for free once a month
Relocation Rent Support
Free German and English language classes at our office
Young and friendly team
Regular interesting corporate events (you can check our FB/Instagram to ensure:))
If you consider yourself as a suitable candidate for our position and your language skills are appropriate for our requirements — please send us your CV to [відгукнутися]
Відгукнутися
Facebook share link
Twitter share link
Схожі вакансії
Data Entry Analyst, контент-менеджер (німецька мова)
BPO Nextdoor, Inc.. Львів.
Data scientist
Personalities. Львів.
Аналітик баз даних
OKKO Group. Львів.
Усі схожі вакансії
Схожі посади у Львові
Адміністратор баз даних
Бізнес-аналітик
Business analyst
Data analyst
Вакансії в категоріях
IT, комп'ютери, інтернет
Телекомунікації та зв'язок
Маркетинг, реклама, PR
Вакансії за містами
Робота у Львові
Статистика зарплат
Середня зарплата data analyst в Україні
Сподобалася вакансія?
Ви успішно підписалися на розсилку нових вакансій за запитом «».
Щодня ми можемо надсилати вам схожі вакансії на ел. пошту.
Підписатися
Подивитися вакансії, які можуть вам підійти
Отримувати в Telegram
Відгукнутися на цю вакансію за адресою: www.work.ua/jobs/3856169
Тренінги по темі «Data analyst»
УкраїнськаУкраїнськаРусскийEnglishРесурси · Контакти · Про нас · Новини Work.ua · Допомога · Умови використання
Роботодавцю
© 2006–2020 Work.ua. Сайт пошуку роботи №1 в Україні.Зроблено в компанії «Реактор».
Освіта · Тренінги · Typing tutor